My favorite moment tonight with the TV coverage was Charles Barkley mumbling to Kenny "The Jet" Smith how he just had a delicious white chocolate macadamia nut cookie. Solid work, Charles.

----------------------
Upsets...who picked 'em -- 

Here's some b-ball perspective from The Meister. I started getting interested in college basketball in the 1980s, I watched Georgetown Hoya teams that helped define that era, led by legendary centers Patrick Ewing, Alonzo Mourning, and Dikembe Mutumbo, all coached by hall-of-famer John Thompson. They were a juggernaut. Later Allen Iverson played for the Hoyas, and despite some fall from dominance since have come back, now coached under Thompson's son, to again be a perennial national force in college basketball.

I learned that Florida Gulf Coast was a university, let alone one with a basketball team, Sunday. I looked at the Screaming* Eagles schedule earlier in the day, and noted they had TWO losses this year to a school called Lipscomb. Swept! By the Bison of Libscomb! And another loss to the Hatters of Stetson! The Mad** Hatters! 

* I made the Screaming part up
** Question all adjectives in these emails

That wasn't the only upset of the day either. The La Salle Explorers over Kansas State! The Ole Miss Issipis over Wisconsin!

Ole Miss (119 picked them)

La Salle (33):  bj6395, Brian Joseph, Brian McDonald, Claire Lucas, Cousin Jones, Dan Ridgeway, Dana Care, Darby NIYO, Debbie Taylor, Derek Roesti, Dr. Wilbur Wonka, Drew Craft, Edziu, Eric Gifford, Gary Bahr, Hal Norman, jeffrey mckeage, jennifer bassignani, Joel Anderson, Kelly 'Huh?' Clark, Ken Nelton, Kenny Boyd, Kona Anders, Lea Adams, Lucy Rhoades, Mazzie Cakes, Michael Gill Jr., Noach Weiss, Peyton Bowers, President Barack Obama, Scott Clair, Simeon Chiger, Steve shwaiko, Tim Thomas, Tracy Niyo, Trey (GJWIII), Will Scott

Florida GC (19):  Andrew Hefte, bj6395, Brian Holychuk, Dr. Wilbur Wonka, Edziu, Ellen Gifford, Glen Volkman, Jeff Johnson, Jeff Kopaska, Josie Davis, Julia Foster, Katherine Gifford, Mason Smalling - son of Matt & Lori, Meg Whelan, Rose, Theresa (TLW), Trey (GJWIII), Violet 'not your average 4 year old' Keiper, Zoey 'The Amazing Baby' Keiper

----------------------
Shout Outs 

A shout out to Blackrocks Brewery, the first brewery to ever enter JQMCBP. I've consulted with the voices in my head, and I believe the arrangement is I give you a free candy bar pool and you give me free beer. That's our arrangement, right?

I was curious, and I looked it up and Blackrocks Brewery is indeed a brewery, in Marquette, Michigan. I will have a pint next time* I'm through your fair town in the U.P.

* by next I mean first
----------------------
Mailbag

From: Kim Landon
To: Candy Meister <jqmcbp@gmail.com>

Dearest Meister,
I'm from Canada. I ended up here one fateful day in 2001 as a direct result of taking your brother's Economic Geography course at Carleton University (Also in Canada. GO RAVENS!)  I am a decade removed from my university days, but I have been a faithful Quester since that time.
 
Just wondering if a foreigner, Canadian or otherwise, has ever taken this thing?
 
One of these years. I'm going to win big. Though this year is not likely to be it.
 
Thanks so much,
Kim

from: Candy Meister <jqmcbp@gmail.com>
to: Kim Landon

hi Kim,

I have nothing against Canada. They have really pretty currency. A steadfast affinity for bilingualism. Lakes, Trees, Bears. However, no one from The Sportsman's Paradise has ever finished on top in The Quest for Candy.

Though poutine is an abomination.

cheers,
the Meister

p.s. big Alan Thicke fan. He was great in jPod.
___

Send me funny things! I just might print them! 
mailto:jqmcbp@gmail.com

----------------------
Whose champion bit it? -- 

Well, sue maddog walker, I admire your maddog pick of Iona to win it all. Strong work there.

Georgetown: Rennie Anderson, Denis Charette, Jeff Amato, Alyssa Blom, Nick DiGirolomo, brenda, Usha D, Craig Roder, Allan Dranberg, Karlene Jennings, Kurt Anderson, Deanne B, Jason, Huey McKeage, Jeff Shipley, Camden Johnson, Greg Wenz, Erin Wenz

Iona: sue maddog walker

Kansas State: Becky Burton, Carolynne James

Notre Dame: Carol 'Go Irish' Blanchette

Oklahoma: Mere Clark

UCLA: Orb Royison, Hoop Dee Doo

Wisconsin: Andy Weinecke, Marion Brown, Paul C. SMith, Jim Toomey, Steve Danek, Russell Nelson, Reesa Karamanski, Drew Craft
----------------------
Boo Rah Rah --

My Alma Mater Wisconsin Badgers made an unexpectedly early exit from the tourney today. I can't say that I'm that bummed. Have you seen these Bo Ryan-led Badgers?  I don't want to hear anyone tell me how "Fundamental Basketball" is "A Pleasure To Watch". Wall, freshly painted? Meet the properties of drying. 

I'd also like to congratulate all three Wenz kids, grades 5, 2, and not yet in Kindergarten, on their early graduation from Wisconsin. And they say admissions standards are tough these days...

Colorado: Sarah Benson, Kevin Chauvin

Kansas State: Becky Burton, Bill Rogers

Notre Dame: Carol 'Go Irish' Blanchette, Bob Topel

Pacific: Tony 'Ebba' Edwards

UCLA: Orb Royison, John Varesi

Wisconsin: Ben Klaas, Todd Krueger, Mark Larson, Steve shwaiko, Paul C. SMith, Marty Dickrell, Glen Volkman, Joel Rondeau, Paul Wadzinske, Rob Danek, John McCartney, Steve Danek, Marilee Karamanski, Genevieve Karamanski, Tom 'T3' Wadzinski, Wendy Volkman, Greg Wenz, Julian Wenz, Jack Wenz, Jackson Jeffries, Katrin Wenz, Erin Wenz

----------------------
Fun With Data -- 

Of 8.15 million entries* in the ESPN Bracket Challenge, there are ZERO perfect brackets.

Also, here's the breakdown of entrants by location, year-by-year. I'm still HUGE in Michigan.
http://benklaas.com/jqmcbp/graphs/locale.html

* But how many chimps?
----------------------
Candy Bar of the Day --
where I single out one or two of my favorite candy selections

The Harrison Ford Yes You Heard Right I'm Totally Signed on for Star Wars Episode VII, No It's Not Going To Be Horrible, I Promise, No Really Award goes to Joel Rondeau with his astute selection of

Han Solo in Carbonite Chocolate Bar

In case you are wondering, yes this is a thing
http://www.thinkgeek.com/product/ea87/?srp=3

I'm not sure if I could eat Chocolate Han Solo, even if he was in biochemical stasis. Somehow it crosses the line from the chococarnivorous delight of chocolate bunnies into something I cannot abide.

Speaking of Star Wars, there's an alternative tournament bracket out there in the internets this week.
http://starwars.com/this-is-madness/index.html#matchup

The nerd in me (I know, right?) was interested in this bracket at first glance, but then I realized that there was no MSE-6-series repair droid in the draw, and now this contest is dead to me.
http://starwars.wikia.com/wiki/MSE-6-series_repair_droid

----------------------
Enough with the crap, who's ahead? -- 

cris osier, the yin to JACOB BENSON's yang, has taken the lead with 27 points. My daughter Carson is hanging tight in 2nd place, along with Never Too Fresh Soren, Andrew Waldon of Michigan, and Patrick 6'9", 7,0" with the Afro Connolly. 

Top Humans
Rank	Name		Location	Candybar	Champion	Score
1	cris osier	Michigan	Strawberry Charlston Chew	Michigan State	27	
2	'Never too fresh' Soren Van Houten	Arizona	Hershey's thingamajig	Miami	26	
2	Andrew Waldron	Michigan	Reese peanut butter cup	Indiana	26	
2	Carson Moxie Klaas	Minnesota	Hershey's Milk Chocolate	Kansas	26	
2	Patrick Connolly	Wisconsin	Nutrageous	Ohio State	26	
6	Abby Chungath	Iowa	Snickers (not like I'll ever win this thing)	Gonzaga	25	
6	bj6395	Michigan	M&M	Florida	25	
6	Chris Young	Wisconsin	York Peppermint Patty	Louisville	25	
6	Dan Ridgeway	Michigan	Snickers Peanut Butter	Miami	25	
6	Davecole	Colorado	Heath Bar	Kansas	25	
6	DHoops	Michigan	O'Henry	Miami	25	
6	Erin Wenz	Minnesota	Endangered Species Dark Chocolate	Georgetown	25	
6	JACOB BENSON	Colorado	skittles	Louisville	25	
6	Joe Stevens	Michigan	Twix	Indiana	25	
6	Mason Smalling - son of Matt & Lori	California	'Chocalate and Vanilla'	Iowa State	25	
6	Natalie Weir	Michigan	Snickers with almonds	Gonzaga	25	
6	Patrick Hebda	Michigan	Butterfinger	Duke	25	
6	Sara Van Houten	Arizona	Marathon bar	Indiana	25	
6	William O Reece III	Wisconsin	Swedish Fish	Miami	25	

Chimps are holding tough. Derrick the Chimp, who is technically a Bonobo, is just a point behind the top human. I would expect a big dropoff from the chimps in the standings after the weekend. Unless we have a Sweet 16 with Florida Gulf Coast, Ole Miss, and Harvard, then all bets are off.

Top Chimps
Rank	Name		Location	Candybar	Champion	Score
1	Derrick the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Kansas State	25	
2	Tristin the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	UCLA	24	
3	Brenna the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	North Carolina	23	
3	Cade the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Kansas	23	
3	Marisa the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Southern	23	
3	Nelson the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Memphis	23	
3	Paloma the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Harvard	23	
3	Shania the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Harvard	23	
9	Abbey the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Boise State/La Salle	22	
9	Amari the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Miami	22	
9	Ariel the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Florida	22	
9	Berenice the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Miami	22	
9	Brock the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Iowa State	22	
9	Caitlyn the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Marquette	22	
9	Cristofer the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	NC State	22	
9	Demarcus the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Albany	22	
9	Estevan the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	North Carolina	22	
9	Jordy the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	San Diego State	22	
9	Kaia the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Ole Miss	22	
9	Lance the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	UCLA	22	
9	Naomi the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Marquette	22	
9	Noelia the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Miami	22	
9	Noemi the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Belmont	22	
9	Rafael the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Cincinnati	22	
9	Rodney the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Oregon	22	
9	Soren the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Wisconsin	22	
9	Zakary the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Syracuse	22	

cheers,
the Meister
-------------------
