Candymeister here, coming at you live* from Tucson AZ. I was at the OK Corral yesterday, where I learned important facts like a) cowboys love to wash their faces with water out of a barrel, and b) that's it, actually. 

* live for me
----------------------
Upsets...who picked 'em -- 

Jed Durkin had Wichita State in the final four. That's it, nobody else. Just Jed. He also has Louisville in his bracket, and came incredibly close to getting his others, Kansas and Marquette in as well. But the Candy Bar pool is a fickle thing Jed, and your reward for your near miss is a proverbial tip of the cap. Well done, almost.

----------------------
Shout Outs 

Wow, Josh Nisenson, just wow. And I thought Jed's story was depressing. I've been watching you climb slowly up the leaderboard over the past few rounds, and now you're sittingin a tie for first place with your projected champion Louisville still in the hunt. Yet here's the rub: you are mathematically eliminated from winning. That's got to be a first going into the final four. 

----------------------
Mailbag*

From: Lance Van Houten (and a few minutes later, Dave Bush)
To: The Candymeister
Subject: Bubba's Hover

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z5u_2bGPdUY&feature=player_embedded

To: Lance Van Houten, Dave Bush
From: The Candymeister
Subject: re: Bubba's Hover

(speechless)

* today's mailbag had nothing to do with the JQMCBP, but I made an exception because innovations in the world of personal hovercraft are important to everyone to know about, especially when used to navigate that pond on the 16th hole.
___
Send me funny things! I just might print them! 
mailto:jqmcbp@gmail.com

----------------------
Whose champion bit it? -- 

110 of you lost your champion over the weekend, including the now-out-of-it WhatNo and a slew of THE Ohio State Universtity believers. Sionara suckers.

Duke: Noam Hurwitz, Chris Daigh, Kim Landon, Zane Sabbert, Brenda VB, Rod Beard, Connor Morrison, Chris Handlos, Conor Whelan, Sue Ray, Artie Wilkowsky, Tom Hinds, Patrick Hebda, Jeb 'no more carrot sticks' Byers, Adam Keyser, Michael Shim, quincy manson, Teej, Connor Byers, Frank C, William Arvant, Annette Dyal, Allen Witt, John Housenga, Matt Jurach, Madison Dyal, Bryan Romig, Matt Rennie, Paul Siedow, Amy Flaa, Jack Wenz

Florida: Chris Hewitt, Dad Klaas, Kevin Huntsman, Jeffrey L Bunch, JEFF, Kenny Boyd, Theresa (TLW), John 'Little Crusher' Lucas, Jaime Millard, bj6395, Josh Foster, Laura Moreland, Ryan Herrington, Wendy Volkman, Dawn Schmitt, Mommy

Marquette: Ryan Brady, curtis stalter, Linda B , Todd Beranak, Abraham Farag, Kevin Nolan, WhatNo

Ohio State: CJ Hewitt, Charles Delargy, Mark Foster, Zachary Klaas, Theodore Chungath, Nancy Valentine, Rollie Empizo, Natalie Pastor, Chris Gayler, Patrick Connolly, Bob (Jack's Oldest Son) Smalling, Brenda Ochs, chris breese, Jim Preston , Colin Morrison, Sean Whelan, Mike Ford, Frank Spada, Dave Knuff, Marty Dickrell, Matt D, Clark Beech, Mike Shanahan, Steve Guerriero, Scott Chesky, Tami Portnoy, Dave Marney, Susie Smalling, Justin Sepelt, Jon Harst, Jamie Samuelsen, Jeffrey Kroll, Todd Mullanix, Colin Klaas, Jane MC, Arthur Rush, Joe Blow, Terry Sievert, Jason Glime, Peyton Reece, Bob Ruprich, RebeccaZ, Beer Barron, Michelle Housenga, Jeff Johnson, Matt Goodrich, Jeff Troll, RUPE, Joe Wilson, Tanya Ramos, Brett E, Jokey S, Bam Bams, Rose, Conner Simons, Jackson Jeffries
----------------------
Boo Rah Rah --

21 of you lost your alma mater, a number much smaller because of the continued improbably run of Michigan*

Duke: Kirk Moloney, Jeb 'no more carrot sticks' Byers, Kurt Anderson, Tim Hoelscher , Connor Byers, kirquito
Florida: Kevin Huntsman, Jeffrey L Bunch
Marquette: curtis stalter, Ryan Ruzziconi, Bill McGrail, Kevin Nolan, Karen McCartney, Maggie MacDonell
Ohio State: Herm 'nothing but NET' Liscious, Nancy Valentine, Dennis M.Sabo, Arthur Rush, Jason Glime, Dan Ridgeway, RebeccaZ

* In case you haven't heard, I'm really big in Michigan
----------------------
Fun With Data -- 

From 330 still in it before the sweet sixteen, to 23 remaining before the elite eight, now that the NCAA is down to four teams, the Candy Seeker pool is now down to six potential winners. And Branden the Chimp is still holding strong!

Here they are, the remaining people/chimp still in the pool, and the scenario it will take to have them win:

Branden the Chimp: Wichita State as champion
Ed Myers: Syracuse as champion
Elizabeth Short: Michigan over Wichita State in final
William Hershey: Louisville over Michigan in final
ryche13: Michigan over Louisville in final
Jared Elfvin: Louisville over Syracuse in final

----------------------
Candy Bar of the Day --
where I single out one or two of my favorite candy selections

The Encrypted Spy Message Award
and
The Gosh Isn't Entering Data on an iPad SO Easy I Don't See Why Anyone Needs a Keyboad Award
and
The Let's See Him Find THIS Candybar Award

all go to Joe Hoag's fantastically cryptic entry of:

/.,m xhj

I have one more thing to say to you on your choice, Joe. &33.1\\ w@1!*

* %44s, ^r% **
** I know, right?
----------------------
Enough with the crap, who's ahead? -- 

Top Humans
Rank	Name		Location	Candybar	Champion	Score
1	Elizabeth Short	Michigan	Kit Kat	Michigan	78	
1	Josh Nisenson	California	Laffy Taffy Grape	Louisville	78	
1	Terry Sievert	Michigan	Almond Joy	Ohio State	78	
4	Jared Elfvin	Illinois	Snickers	Louisville	77	
4	Jennifer Meagher	Michigan	Rolo	Indiana	77	
4	Ramon Roullard	Florida	Reese's peanut butter cup	Miami	77	
7	Jeff Johnson	Washington	Butterfinger	Ohio State	75	
7	Tarpo	Canada	Skor	Louisville	75	
9	Bill Teer	Texas	Big Hunk	Louisville	74	
9	Eric Schmidt	Wisconsin	kit kat big kat	Kansas	74	
9	Greg Castle	Michigan	butterfinger	Gonzaga	74	
9	Jen Ruprich	Michigan	Reese's 	Miami	74	
9	K2	Michigan	Penut Butter Cup	Michigan	74	
9	Mark Dyal	Texas	3	Louisville	74	
9	ryche13	Connecticut	Three muskateers bar	Michigan	74	
9	WhatNo	Michigan	starlight mints	Marquette	74	

Top Chimps
Rank	Name		Location	Candybar	Champion	Score
1	Branden the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Wichita State	65	
2	Mariela the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Syracuse	63	
3	Asha the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Florida	62	
4	Paloma the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Harvard	59	
5	Estevan the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	North Carolina	58	
6	Arnold the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Memphis	57	
7	Jackson the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Marquette	56	
7	Naomi the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Marquette	56	
9	Anya the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Colorado	55	
9	Brice the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Florida GC	55	
9	Desiree the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Harvard	55	
9	Joslyn the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Syracuse	55	
9	Lucy the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Valparaiso	55	

cheers,
the Meister
-------------------
