In the last email I posted a broken link to pics of the Western Kentucky Hilltoppers mascot. This was a pity, as this mascot is the best mascot ever. Better than the Stanford University Guy-Dressed-As-Tree. Better than what my grad school roommate referred to as the Iowa State University "Chicken". Better than the Philadelphia Freak, even. I might be rooting for WKU based solely on their ridiculous mascot.

I hope that this picture helps you understand the overwhelming awesomeness of "Big Red"
http://mollysunshine.org/photos/WKU_Basketball_Game_012_Sized.jpg

----------------------
Upsets...who picked 'em -- 

60 people picked Cleveland State (or its more formal title, State University of the Land of Cleves), which I suppose qualifies it as an "upset". I'm certainly "upset" about it, as they beat the team I'd picked to win it all (see Whose Champion bit it? section below)

Cleveland St:  'DeSontis The Cat' Smalling, Alena C Wadzinske, allen witt, amanda blake, Andrew Hanson, Annie Rhoades, Arthur Rush, Austin Eide, Austin Wilson, B.J. Bardy, Ben Lantz, Betsy Ross, BillG, Bob (Jack's Oldest Son) Smalling, Christy Reed, Chuck Rodrigues, Claire Lucas, Curtis Lundy, Dan Gates, Darren Brown, David Mitchell, Denis Charette, Edward 'Eddie' Gordon Reece, Emma Handlos, Frances Garcia, Gina Stevens, Hunter Nicholl, Jamie Watson, Jeff Johnson, Kate Meilinger, Katie W., Lauren Williford, Lucy Rhoades, Madison Dyal, Maggie Gates, Matt Rennie, Matt Spohn, Michael Herger, Noam Hurwitz, Olivia Cory, Paula Shwaiko, Reesa Karamanski, Rob 'Habs' Levac, Robert C Braun, Roberto Castillo, Saleem Ahmed, scott e larabee, Serge Martinez, Shae Lorenc, Susie Smalling, Ted Daniel, The Self, Tim 'I prefer Skittles' De Jonge, Timothy Handlos, Tina Ferreter, Tom H, Tom Schneider, Tracy Niyo, Tyler Schettler, William Arvant

----------------------
Shout Outs 
where I pseudo-randomly (by which I mean not randomly at all) give a shout out to one or many of you, my loyal pool contestants.

To Pat Bell, I bequeath the "YES I CAN" or rather, the "YES I CAN, because Barack Obama said it was okay" award. Pat has a startling 100% match to President Obama's bracket. In this age of "free thinkers" and "independent ideas", it's refreshing to have someone that will just blindly follow. Kudos to you, Mr. Bell, kudos to you.

Other people nearly lock step with the President, or as the Republicans might spin it, the MOST LIBERAL PEOPLE IN JQMCBP: 
http://benklaas.com/jqmcbp/images/Obamaniacs.png

----------------------
Mailbag

I referred to Canada as a "Sportsman's Paradise" in my last email, which sparked this back and forth with my brother. I recommend the YouTube clip for anyone that likes to make fun of Canada, or as I like to sometimes call it, "Northern Northern Minnesota"

from	Zachary Klaas 
to	jqmcbp@gmail.com

Ben:
     Regarding your designation of Canada as "Sportsman's Paradise" - Louisiana is "Sportsman's Paradise", as you will immediately recognize if you Google the phrase...it used to say "Sportsman's Paradise" on Louisiana's license plates, in fact.  I realize I may have messed everyone up on the distinction between Canada and Louisiana by having lived in both of them, but I think I do speak for all Louisianians when I request the repatriation of this slogan.

from	Candy Meister <jqmcbp@gmail.com>
to	Zachary Klaas
	
Haven't you seen the epic film "Canadian Bacon"? The "sportsman's paradise" quote comes from that movie, and from Dan Akroyd no less. He cameos as a RCMP who pulls over John Candy's crew, who are driving through...aw hell, why explain it, it must be on youtube.

yep, it's on youtube. go to the 1:30 mark for the quote. The next minute are so are comedy gold, too.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B6p_6wvByFg

What's with you always living in places called "Sportsman's Paradise"? I don't know if you've noticed, but YOU ARE NOT A SPORTSMAN.

cheers,
#!/ben

----------------------
Whose champion bit it? -- 

OUCH. So I have this strategy that I've maintained since 1989, a year I would have won a few hundred dollars on a two dollar bet, had Seton Hall pulled off the big upset against Michigan in the final game. The strategy is to pick a good #3 or #4 seed to win the tournament, as those teams usually have enough talent to win it all, yet they are far enough down the ladder that nobody picks them. I remember doing exactly that with Wake Forest in the '90s, the year Tim Duncan was a senior. They were shown the door in something like the 2nd round. This year the Demon Deacons (Demon Deacons? What kind of nickname is that?*) have decided to out-do themselves. Cleveland State dominated Wake Forest and sent me and Harvey Birdman packing. Five others also lost their teams (Sorry, Wendy Lou Reed, The Bison of NDSU couldn't quite get it done; maybe next year)

Sionara, candy chances:

Florida St: Kai Anderson
Wake Forest: Harvey Birdman, Ben Klaas
Utah: CJ 'Top Pick' Wadzinske
North Dakota St: Wendy Lou Reed
West Virginia: tom hamrick, Ben Lantz

* actually believe it or not, Wake Forest used to have a nickname just as head scratching. From Wikipedia:
"Originally, Wake Forest's athletic teams were known as the Fighting Baptists, due to its association with the Baptist Convention (from which it later separated itself). However, in 1923, after a particularly impressive win against the Duke Blue Devils, a newspaper reporter wrote that the Deacons "fought like Demons", giving rise to the current team name, the "Demon Deacons."

of course, the Duke Blue Devils is also an odd one. Everyone knows the Devil is Mauve.

----------------------
Boo Rah Rah --

Hey! Your school is a bunch of LOSERS!

Florida St: Amy Glime, John Spruill
Ohio State: Rebecca Klisovic, Herman 'dissapointed it did not work on my MAC' Weiss, Robert Chaney, Jamie Watson, Bill Stevens, Dennis Sabo, Frances Garcia, Arthur Rush, RJZ
Wake Forest: Meredith Hammons, Kristopher Nordstrom, Michael Butler
Utah: Jacque Ballou
West Virginia: tom hamrick
Boston College: Curtis Lundy
Cornell: Jennifer Gooding, Usha Dheenan, Kristi Wasmer
Utah St: Kelli Taylor

Herman 'dissapointed it did not work on my MAC' Weiss wins a special award for first customer service request ever encapsulated within a personal nickname. Congratulations on your award! 

sincerely, 
Ben "You should try Firefox, which I think is superior to Safari. I have a mac too and it worked just fine. My guess is that the safari issue may not be an issue any more either." Klaas

----------------------
Fun With Data -- 

a special follow-up to the Boo Rah Rah section, suggested by Steve Danek (who cannot be trusted; see candy bar of the day section)

Boo Rah Rah On You

The following 15 people are graduates of The University of Wisconsin that picked them, incorrectly I might add, to LOSE their first round game. In recognition I've placed all of your names on the phone list for Wisconsin Telefund (aka, the aggressive telemarketing arm of the University Foundation). You should be getting your first calls this week.*

Greg Wenz                    
Mark Larson                  
Steve Danek                  
Glen 'Mexican Mafia' Volkman 
Fred 'shooter' Volkman      
Marilee Karamanski          
Ben Klaas 
Tim Ogg                
Todd Krueger    
Joel Rondeau  
Paul Wadzinske     
Ben 'No Klaas' Brown 
Tom 'Chewwy' Wadzinski
George Vacek     
John McCartney   

* this plan has backfired, as I'm on this list and now Wisconsin Telefund won't stop calling me.

----------------------
Candy Bar of the Day --

The Tin Foil Hat Conspiracy Award

Shared by the four contestants that picked "Curly Wurly" for their candybar:
Steve Danek, Tom "Chewwy" Wadzinski, Ben "No Klaas" Brown, and ringleader John "Curly Wurly" Flaa.

Curly Wurly??? FOUR PEOPLE CHOSE CURLY WURLY?? I'm not buying it. Three of these four guys are on the Boo Rah Rah On You list in the previous section too. Coincidence? I think not. You guys are some kind of weird Curly Wurly Sleeper Cell. Is Curly Wurly code for something? I'm contacting Homeland Security. Congratulations, you're now on the Watch List. Enjoy your next flight.

----------------------
Enough with the crap, who's ahead? -- 

Tim "Cadbury Flake Bar" Thomas picked the first 20 games without error, but ended up missing several at the end of the evening and falling back to 6th place. We've got a five-way tie for the lead after round 1:

rank	name	location	candy	champion	score
1	Mark Dyal	Texas	3 Musketeers	North Carolina	28	
1	Matt MacDonell	Michigan	PayDay	Louisville	28	
1	Michael Carcone	Michigan	Abba Zabba	North Carolina	28	
1	Scott Westhoff	California	Cadbury Egg	Connecticut	28	
1	William Blachford	Michigan	Chuckles	Syracuse	28	
6	carly a thaler	Washington	milky way	Michigan St	27	
6	Chris Breese	Texas	Chucky	North Carolina	27	
6	D Koch	Michigan	M & M's	North Carolina	27	
6	David Gray Wright	Maryland	Milky Way	Oklahoma	27	
6	Jed Clampet	Colorado	mars	Duke	27	
6	Michael Farrell	New Jersey	Charleston Chew	Louisville	27	
6	Scott Johnson	California	Marathon Bar (The Original)	Connecticut	27	
6	Tim Thomas	Michigan	Cadbury Flake Bar	North Carolina	27	

Josephine the Chimp is pulling off an amazing run thus far with 27 points. Good for even 6th place in the human category.

rank	name	score
1	Josephine the Chimp	27
2	Cedric the Chimp	25
3	Carmen the Chimp	24
3	Janet the Chimp	24
3	Juliet the Chimp	24
3	Trevon the Chimp	24
7	Alex the Chimp	23
7	Amara the Chimp		22
7	Sophia the Chimp	22
10	Deanna the Chimp	22
10	Gage the Chimp	22	
10	Jakobe the Chimp	22
10	Lina the Chimp		22
10	Lindsey the Chimp	22
10	Marcelo the Chimp	22
10	Miriam the Chimp	22
10	Patricia the Chimp	22	
10	Troy the Chimp	22	

cheers,
the Meister
-------------------

