As is custom with the JQMCBP, once the tourney is down to four teams I let most of you know that you no longer have a shot at the candy, and I let a scant few of you know that you still have a shot. Or at least what used to be a scant few...this year with all the favored seeds making it to the Final Four, there's a logjam at the top and still 14 alive in the Quest for Candy.

here's who is still in it:
Annette Boehlje
Rebecca Bond
Joe Gates
Sean Haas
Chris Hutchinson
Charlie & Cooper Littrell
Jeffrey Minch
CMonger
William Morrison
Mike Riggins
Alex Ross
Betsy Ross
CJ Wadzinske
Eva Witt

and here's how the scenarios play out--

If Kansas beats Memphis in the final:
Betsy Ross wins a Snickers

If Memphis beats Kansas in the final:
William Morrison ties with CJ 'Top Pick' Wadzinske and will take home a Heath Bar and Sjaak's organic/vegan dark choc (no nuts, no milk), respectively (note to self: do NOT mix those two up before sending)

If Memphis beats North Carolina in the final:
Annette "White Chocolate Reese's" Boehlje and Rebecca "Orbitz Bubblegum" Bond share the top prize

If North Carolina beats Memphis in the final:
Chris "Reese's Peanut Butter Cup" Hutchinson reigns victorious

If Kansas beats UCLA in the final:
Alex "3 Musketeers" Ross does a dance

If UCLA beats Kansas in the final:
Two of our current three front-runners take the candy: CMonger (Almond Joy) and Jeffrey Minch (Snickers Dark Chocolate)*

*Snickers Dark Chocolate? They make that? (Meister runs out to 24hr convenience store)

If North Carolina beats UCLA in the final:
Our other current frontrunner wins- Mike Riggins (Zero Bar)

If UCLA bets North Carolina in the final:
This would result in an unprecedented 4-way tie at the top (5 if you count Charlie and Cooper Littrell as two, which I do not; pretty sure the two of those little ragamuffins are collectively less than half my size): Sean "Twix" Haas, Joe "Milky Way" Gates, Eva "I Love Lucy Milk Chocolate Candy Bar" Witt, and Charlie & Cooper "Big Bag of Swedish Fish" Littrell

Keep in mind there are also 2nd and 3rd place prizes potentially on the line--
2nd place	BIG FAT NOTHING
3rd place	A CD of *my* choosing (I can promise you it will stink)
(note: given all the tie scenarios this year, there may not be a 2nd and/or 3rd place prize to give out)

----------------------
Fun with Data

last email I pointed out how there were a ton of Michigan State grads in the JQMCBP. Indeed:
http://benklaas.com/jqmcbp/graphs/almamater.png
However, I'd like to point out that while Spartan grads narrowly beat out my own alma mater Wisconsin as well as "Huh", MSU was destroyed by the formidable "No" and "Impossible" choices. 

Seeing "No", "Impossible", beat out "Michigan St" on a pie chart I'm sure brings great joy to the U of Michigan grads in JQMCBP.

----------------------
Upsets...who picked 'em -- 

Nobody picked 'em, because there weren't any. For the first time in NCAA history we have all four #1 seeds surviving to the Final Four.

----------------------
Whose champion bit it? -- 

32 Texas believers silenced today, including "The Man in the Yellow Hat", who I noticed in some of the later Curious George books flashing the "hook 'em horns" hand signal:

Texas: Larry Wolski, Sara McHalpine, Meghan Fleury, Glenn Caldera, Tom H, Jason Jager, Dennis Brodjeski, Ben Kehrwald, Mike Askren, Dave Sterling, Lucky's Charm, maureen, Thomas Leeper, Ed McGrogan, MO Jr, Salena Tong, Brenda VB, Will Mason, Sara Mitchell, Liz Bossenberger, Peter Arvant, Emma Handlos, ELLIE RUPE, Tim Handlos, Gavin Long, Todd Dankers, Jamie Poulin, John McCartney, Ron Fuller, Bob Frazier, Julian Wenz, The Man in the Yellow Hat

----------------------
Boo Rah Rah --

These peoples' alma maters are no longer.

Two Davidson grads in the field. Kenneth, Glenn, I feel your pain. You were one shot away from making it...

Davidson: Kenneth Howard, Glenn Caldera
Texas: Will Mason, Steve Bossenberger

----------------------
Candy Bar of the Day --

The This Has Gone Too Far Award

Jake the Dog, for his selection of "hypo-allergenic dog treat"

Dogs enter the pool every year. I try to discourage canine entries, but what can I say? Dogs. Love. Basketball. So I'm used to our furry friends entering non-candy bars..."pupperoni", "kibbles", "beggin strips". But Jake has taken this a step further and actually asked for a *special needs* dog treat. What's next? Kosher goldfish food? Vegan cat chow?

----------------------
Enough with the crap, who's ahead? -- 

Joe the Chimp is ahead by a runaway right now, but I should point out that Roy the Chimp, currently in 4th place, has in his bracket UNC over Memphis in the final. If that scenario happens, and I'd argue that's the most likely outcome of the Final Four, Roy the Chimp will finish with 90 points. 90 points! He's a chimp! That will beat out a huge portion of the human participants this year. Go Roy!

TOP CHIMPS
rank	score	name		candybar	location
1	75	Joe the Chimp	Banana Moon Pie	Neverland Ranch	
2	61	Karl the Chimp	Banana Moon Pie	Neverland Ranch
3	59	Arturo the Chimp	Banana Moon Pie	Neverland Ranch
4	58	Cayden the Chimp	Banana Moon Pie	Neverland Ranch
4	58	Elvis the Chimp	Banana Moon Pie	Neverland Ranch	
4	58	Roy the Chimp	Banana Moon Pie	Neverland Ranch
7	57	Dandre the Chimp	Banana Moon Pie	Neverland Ranch
7	57	Makena the Chimp	Banana Moon Pie	Neverland Ranch
9	56	Calvin the Chimp	Banana Moon Pie	Neverland Ranch
10	55	Brenda the Chimp	Banana Moon Pie	Neverland Ranch
10	55	Kaleigh the Chimp	Banana Moon Pie	Neverland Ranch

TOP PEOPLE
rank	name	location	candybar	champion	score
1	CMonger	Washington	almond joy	UCLA	95	
1	Jeffrey Minch	Texas	Snikers Dark Chocolate	UCLA	95	
1	Mike Riggins	Michigan	Zero Bar	North Carolina	95	
4	Betsy Ross	Michigan	Snickers	Kansas	94	
4	Ryan Herrington	Connecticut	Fun Dip	North Carolina	94	
6	Chris Amistadi	Washington	Reggie Jackson Bar	North Carolina	93	
6	Chris Hutchinson	Nebraska	Reeses Peanut Butter Cup	North Carolina	93	
8	Alex Ross	Michigan	3 Musketeers	Kansas	92	
8	Matt MacDonell	Michigan	PayDay	North Carolina	92	
10	Annette Boehlje	Iowa	White Chocolate Reese's Peanut Butter Cups	Memphis	91	
10	Braden Crim	Iowa	twix	North Carolina	91	
10	Charlie & Cooper Littrell	Colorado	Big Bag of Swedish Fish	UCLA	91	
10	Dwaine Null	Pennsylvania	Wonka Bar	North Carolina	91	
10	Eva Witt	California	I Love Lucy Milk Chocolate Candy Bar	UCLA	91	
10	Hayli Crim	Iowa	100 Grand	North Carolina	91	
10	Jenni Thomas	Iowa	Swedish Fish	North Carolina	91	
10	Joe Gates	Michigan	Milky Way	UCLA	91	
10	Rebecca Bond	Maryland	Orbitz Bubblegum	Memphis	91	
10	Sean Haas	Michigan	Twix	UCLA	91	
10	Steve Fink	Ohio	Lindt Dark Chocolate Bar	Kansas	91	
10	Sue Robinson	Wisconsin	Apollo Chocolate Candy Bar	Kansas	91	
10	tyro	California	big bar 3 musketteers	Kansas	91	

cheers,
the Meister
-------------------
