
----------------------
Upsets...who picked 'em -- 

28 had the Hilltoppers in the Sweet Sixteen, 29 had the Wildcats of Davidson, including Ryan "Leader of the Pack" Herrington.

Western Kentucky:  Adam Kaplansky, Alexa Kopaska, Andy Calvert, Anna Gammill, Benjamin Choi, Brice McKendry, Chris Hutchinson, Dave Bush, Ed Just Ed, Ed McGrogan, Finn O'Boyle, Gina Sander, Jim Soriano, Julie Smith, Kim Clexton, Kristopher Nordstrom, Laura Goodwin, LESLEY HOGG, Madelyn Fleury, Michelle Housenga, Moosehouse, MR. RUPE, Nick DiGirolomo, Riley Lyons, Shae Lorenc, steve bausch, Steve Danek, Tim Thomas

Davidson:  AC Wadzinske, Ann Sheehy, Bill Kooser, Brody Nicholl, Claire Lucas, Corbitt Mizell, Dayton McGrail, Ed DeHoratius, Edward Gordon Reece, Evan Jankens, Greg 'Goober' Rhoades, James Saburomaru, Jeremy Duda, Joe Bro, John McCartney, Jon Bloom, Julian Wenz, Kristopher Nordstrom, Kurt von der Linden, Madelyn Fleury, Meghan Fleury, Omar Reece, Paul Prokop, Ron Charlebois4, Ryan Herrington, Scott Westhoff, serge martinez, Steve Carlson, Werner Woellecke

----------------------
Shout Outs 
where I pseudo-randomly (by which I mean not randomly at all) give a shout out to one or many of you, my loyal pool contestants.

A shout out to Margaret Wadzinske, not for her JQMCBP prowess (currently T-446th) nor her overly descriptive candybar choice (Northern Chocolate PB Melts (Milwaukee, WI)http://www2.jsonl). No, a shout out to Margaret Wadzinske for introducing me to the Racine Kringle, the best Kringle in Racine and perhaps the whole of the Greater Milwaukee area. When the Wadzinske clan comes and visits us in Minneapolis, Margaret always brings us lots of food (it's in her blood), while Paul brings a 12-pack of Blatz (bless you, Pauley Wad). On one of these occasions, Margaret brought some Kringle. It's a delectable Danish treat. Why am I telling you this? No reason, other than a) I just finished off one for breakfast this morning and b) mmmm...delicious.  

Next time you are in Racine (to sort of quote the band Soul Coughing-- we are all in some way or another going to Racine someday), pick yourself up one. I recommend almond. Tasty.

----------------------
Mailbag
Email jqmcbp@gmail.com with a good reason that I should mention you in my email. Or a bad reason. All reasons will be considered. 

A follow-up on the last email regarding Sportcenter anchors entering JQMCBP...
-----
To: The Candymeister
From: Rich Ehisen

Although we are both in media (I'm a former sportswriter turned political/business reporter), I like to think I am the "real" Rich "Ehisen"...the NFL Network's Rich "Eisen" doesn't use the "h." I'm also five years older, so I claim it for myself.

Rich "The Real Deal" Ehisen
-----

Okay, you got it Rich, I dub thee The Notorious O.R.E (Original Rich Ehisen). 

On further consideration, I realized that the other Sportscenter "anchor" in our pool, Greg Anderson, is actually long-time JQMCBPer and former graduate student colleague Greg Anderson. When in grad school, Greg studied mice in South Carolina, which depending on your point of view is much more impressive than hosting some silly TV Sports "news" program (an all sports network? That'll neeeever work; Rodent Biology is where the real fame and fortune lie!).

----------------------
Whose champion bit it? -- 

So long to 30 Hoya-fans, and the lone Butler faithful Henry Nichols.

Georgetown: Jason Wulff, Beth Spohn, Joey Fassett, Traci Nies, Kai Anderson, Andrew Moore, dave snow, carly thaler, R Smith, Samuel Atticus Niyo, Tracy Niyo, Ginny Eckert, Usha Dheenan, Keith Cherkauer, Roselle, Tommy Edwards, Tina Ferreter, Big Game Sullivan, zoe gifford, Jake the Dog, Bab Sansgaard, Keith Stark, Kate Meilinger, Teej, Lisa Dunn, Tracy White, Martha Dittmar, Gloria Winters, Josh Choi, Amanda Kill

Butler: Henry Nichols

----------------------
Boo Rah Rah --

These peoples' alma maters are no longer.

By my count, dos Toreros:
San Diego: in2win, Julie Littrell

----------------------
Fun With Data -- 

Amongst JQMCBP participants:

a breakdown of Iowans/non-Iowans, as you identified yourself in your bracket:
93.2/75.4% thought Drake would win at least one game
65.9/31.3% thought Drake would win at least two games
9.0/3.6% thought Drake would win at least three games
4.5/1.4% thought Drake would win it all (including my mother)

A breakdown of JQMCBP participation by location:
http://benklaas.com/jqmcbp/graphs/locale.html

Interesting how from 2007 to 2008 my popularity in Michigan and California stayed, as a percentage of total participation, almost exactly the same. This lends great weight to my theory that those states are populated exclusively with mindless automatons and lazy hippies, respectively.
----------------------
Candy Bar of the Day --

The "Let's Break Things Down to A Language We Can Easily Understand" Award

Ryan Herrington (1st), and Edward Gordon "Eddie" Reece (865th) both selected Fun Dip as their candy of choice. To me, this is the closest thing to just asking for a pile of sugar you can get except...well, a pile of sugar. Kudos to both of you for not giving in to flavor or complexity, and sticking with the basics. 

----------------------
Enough with the crap, who's ahead? -- 
Joe the Chimp is currently enjoying huge lead over the rest of his Bonobo Brethren. At 43 points, he's beating quite a few human folk as well...

TOP CHIMPS
rank	score	name		candybar	location
1	43	Joe the Chimp	Banana Moon Pie	Neverland Ranch
2	39	Aryan the Chimp	Banana Moon Pie	Neverland Ranch
2	39	Dayanara the Chimp	Banana Moon Pie	Neverland Ranch
2	39	Karl the Chimp	Banana Moon Pie	chimp	Neverland Ranch
2	39	Makena the Chimp	Banana Moon Pie	Neverland Ranch
2	39	Veronica the Chimp	Banana Moon Pie	Neverland Ranch
7	38	Calvin the Chimp	Banana Moon Pie	Neverland Ranch
8	37	Agustin the Chimp	Banana Moon Pie	Neverland Ranch
8	37	Aileen the Chimp	Banana Moon Pie	Neverland Ranch
8	37	Araceli the Chimp	Banana Moon Pie	Neverland Ranch
8	37	Brenda the Chimp	Banana Moon Pie	Neverland Ranch
8	37	Desiree the Chimp	Banana Moon Pie	Neverland Ranch
8	37	Eugene the Chimp	Banana Moon Pie	Neverland Ranch
8	37	Kadin the Chimp	Banana Moon Pie	Neverland Ranch
8	37	Rolando the Chimp	Banana Moon Pie	Neverland Ranch

TOP PEOPLE
rank	name	location	candybar	champion	score
1	Ryan Herrington	Connecticut	Fun Dip	North Carolina	52	
2	Maggie Gates	Michigan	Chocolate	Michigan St	51	
3	Betsy Ross	Michigan	Snickers	Kansas	50	
3	Julie Smith	Washington	Violet Crumble	Tennessee	50	
5	Bartman	Minnesota	Kirby Puckett bar	UCLA	49	
5	Bill Kooser	Illinois	King Size Snickers	UCLA	49	
5	Dwaine Null	Pennsylvania	Wonka Bar	North Carolina	49	
5	KDelker	Maryland	King Size Snickers	UCLA	49	
5	Lucy Delker	Maryland	Baby Ruth	UCLA	49	
5	Martie Lucas	International	Babe Ruth	Kansas	49	
5	Rollie	California	Snicker	Tennessee	49	

cheers,
the Meister
-------------------
