Welcome to JQMCBP XIII!

According to my database, there are more than 200 rookies to the pool this year, so welcome aboard! To fill you on on what to expect here, what I do is send out email updates several times during the course of the tournament, going on and on and on over the seemingly meaningless minutia of things. They might seem meaningless but...well okay, they're meaningless. But we'll have fun, or your money back.*

In addition to the emails, there's lots of important, vital resources available with your web browser. Check out the links at the bottom of the email or head to http://benklaas.com/jqmcbp/leaderboard.cgi as a jumping off point.

* Refund applications need to be filed in triplicate and mailed to the Johnny Quest Memorial Candy Bar Pool Customer Service Department, care of its Parent Corporation, Slaptronics Personal Massage Therapy and Self Help Video Distribution Corporation of Netherland Antilles (nasdaq:SPMTSHVDCNA). Or you could contact your congressperson, which will give you a similar outcome.

----------------------
Upsets...who picked 'em -- 

You know, it's good you all have the JQMCBP to inject a little insanity into this tournament. For the second straight year, nothing is really "mad" about March Madness. Belmont nearly pulled off a huge one against Duke, but then they didn't. So...we got nothin' to talk about here today...

----------------------
Shout Outs 
where I pseudo-randomly (by which I mean not randomly at all) give a shout out to one or many of you, my loyal pool contestants.

Shout out to Joshua Littrell, who was the 684th entry to JQMCBP XIII, sending us over the top for the most candy seekers in JQMCBP history, and continuing the streak of 13 years of growth*. How do I know he was the 684th entry? Because he called me and had me hit refresh on my browser until I could see that I had 683 entries, then he hits submit on his bracket so he can be the record setter. I'm not kidding. These are the things people do for a slice of JQMCBP fame. Josh asked me to tell you all that the band Electric Six is fantastic and you should all worship them. I'm not making that part up either.

* nasdaq:SPMTSHVDCNA was up 8% in early Thursday trading

----------------------
Mailbag
Email jqmcbp@gmail.com with a good reason that I should mention you in my email. Or a bad reason. All reasons will be considered. 

Wednesday night, I went out for a beer with Rob Danek, birthday boy Greg Wenz, and Tom Wadzinski, aka Champion of JQMCBP I (Charleston Chew). As we sat at the VFW drinking our pitcher of Grain Belt Beer (seriously, we really were drinking Grain Belt at the VFW), Rob decided to fill his JQMCBP bracket out...via his Blackberry Phone's web browser (this is not recommended). We chatted a bit about the pool, including the deadline of ~11:30 Thurs morning. I then told Tom that, without fail, every year I get an email from somebody well after the games have started, begging to let them into the pool late (which I always do).

So, let me recap: 
	I tell Tom when the deadline is. 
	I tell Tom there's always somebody that forgets. 
	All while watching Rob struggle through entering his JQMCBP picks via a *cell phone* (have I mentioned? not recommended).

then Thursday I see this in my inbox--

---
From:	Tom Wadzinski
To:	jqmcbp@gmail.com
Date:	Thu, Mar 20, 2008 at 12:48 PM
Subject:	I forgot! Please please!
---

I'd almost think that Tom did this on purpose, but then I remembered that this is Tom.

----------------------
Whose champion bit it? -- 

Sometimes you win, sometimes you lose, but it never sucks worse than when the team you picked to win it all loses it all. It's even worse when I publish it for all to read!

Not much to say here, other than these were: not. good. picks. 
Portland State to win it all???

Georgia: Jeffrey Bunch
Oral Roberts: Madelyn Fleury
USC: James Cochran, Dave Bush
Winthrop: Reesa Karamanski
Portland St: Andrea Berkley, Zachary Klaas

----------------------
Boo Rah Rah --

I asked you if your alma mater was in the tournament. Why? So I could make fun of you when they lose!

Baylor: Beth the Mother
Brigham Young: Corbitt Mizell, Shae Lorenc, serge martinez, Blake Cundick
Georgia: Jason Busta 
Arizona: Jeremy Duda
Cornell: Usha Dheenan, Jenn
Kentucky: Ram Krishnaswami
Cal St-Fullerton: mmcneil
USC: Ed Just Ed, James Cochran

----------------------
Fun With Data -- 

There was yet another record number of entries (13th straight year!) to JQMCBP. It was interesting watching the entries come in, as the numbers were behind pace from last year until Thursday morning, where they flooded in and easily overcame (see also: "shout out" section) last year's mark of 683.
http://benklaas.com/jqmcbp/graphs/entries_yeartoyear.png

----------------------
Candy Bar of the Day --
where I single out one or two of my favorite candy selections

The "You Know, Like You Sometimes See in Airports" Award

Ian Adams selection of
"One of those giant Toblerones you sometimes see in airports"

Is there something I'm missing here? Are these like those giant gorillas you sometimes see in car dealership parking lots? How big are these "giant airport Toblerones"? Do they qualify as a carry-on or do they need to be checked?

----------------------
Enough with the crap, who's ahead? -- 

The top 10 (or thereabouts) in the pool get "props" in each email. The rest of the leaderboard can be viewed at http://benklaas.com/jqmcbp/leaderboard.cgi. Powered by the JohnnyQuestNearRealTimeScoringEngine(TM), you can watch the leaderboard change as the games progress (or at least as fast as I can update them...).

Six out of 726 people went through the first day without a blemish, a perfect 16/16. Joe the Chimp sits atop the monkey* pile

* okay, chimps aren't monkeys, they are apes.

TOP CHIMPS
rank	score	name		candybar	location
1	14	Joe the Chimp	Banana Moon Pie	Neverland Ranch	
2	13	Jermaine the Chimp	Banana Moon Pie	Neverland Ranch	
2	13	Mackenzie the Chimp	Banana Moon Pie	Neverland Ranch	
2	13	Milton the Chimp	Banana Moon Pie	Neverland Ranch
2	13	Stella the Chimp	Banana Moon Pie	Neverland Ranch
2	13	Tabitha the Chimp	Banana Moon Pie	Neverland Ranch

TOP PEOPLE
rank	name	location	candybar	champion	score
1	andrew	Michigan	clark	Kansas	16	
1	Dan Nelson	Illinois	Clark Bar	UCLA	16	
1	Siwatu Moore	New York	Twizzlers	North Carolina	16	
1	Sue Robinson	Wisconsin	Apollo Chocolate Candy Bar	Kansas	16	
1	The Dick Valentine Family	Colorado	2 Pound Bag of M&M's	North Carolina	16	
1	William Morrison	California	Heath Bar	Memphis	16	

cheers,
the Meister
-------------------
