Traditionally I write an "end of first round" email, but I came to the conclusion that my rants, often flavored with insanity, would take a scary turn for the "that dude has completely lost it" if I wrote with the fever I was running Friday night. A good night of rest and a satisfying Duke loss (sorry Duke-ies, but you do know everybody else hates your team, right?) have me back in action.

To be a particpant/fan/groupie of the JQMCBP, you don't need to watch these games, but...have you been watching these games? Has anyone else noticed it takes an ETERNITY for the last few minutes of any game to be played? They could really do a lot for this sport by limiting the amount of timeouts a team can take in the last two minutes of a game. C'mon, I've got better things to do...for example, writing prodigious emails.

----------------------
Upsets...who picked 'em -- 

78 had Siena over Vanderbilt (I had Vanderbilt in the Final Four...ouch), 59 had the Toreros of San Diego over Connecticut, and 171 had Drake (drat!) losing to Western Kentucky.

Suprisingly, 66 had West Virginia, responsible for Duke's ouster, winning in the second round.

----------------------
Shout Outs 
where I pseudo-randomly (by which I mean not randomly at all) give a shout out to one or many of you, my loyal pool contestants.

A shout out to Andrew (no last name given, let's just say "Dice Clay"), who was in first place after the first round ended, tied with Betsy "Please just say Snickers for my nickname instead of mentioning something to do with me sewing the first American flag. Please." Ross. 

Andrew (no last name given, let's just say "W.K."), I'd hate to see you miss out on the fame and fortune derived from being on top of the JQMCBP. Getting published in the journals Science or Nature is a dream of many aspiring Scientists. For the rest of us, we can only hope to be on top of that leaderboard. Andrew (no last name given, let's just say ", Prince") is still sitting in T-8th place.

A shout out to Carrie Stidwell, the lone person who pointed out that the banner at the top of all my JQMCBP webpages read 'THRITEEN'. Mabye the rest of you all don't remebmer how to spell, or mabye you were all to ecxited abuot the pool to tell me. I duno, but thanks to Cari for pointing out my eror.

----------------------
Mailbag
Email jqmcbp@gmail.com with a good reason that I should mention you in my email. Or a bad reason. All reasons will be considered. 

-----
From: John Hober
To: The Candymeister <jqmcbp@gmail.com>

So I was setting up a filter of my friends, like I've done for the past few years (thanks for putting together such a great site, and love the emails), and once again I've come accross names of sports commentators.  Last year, living in Detroit I recognized a couple of the WDFN sports radio people on there.  This year, Greg Anderson, Rich Ehisen?  Has the JQMCBP made it to the ESPN level?  Or are these just people entering fake names and thinking they're funny?
 
Just curious,
-Hober
-----

A: I'm going to go out a limb here and say these aren't the actual Sportscenter anchors.* If I believed all the pool entry names were legitimate, in the past that means we would have been graced with: many dogs, dead Notre Dame football coaches, at least one stuffed pig, and babies...soooo many babies (including in utero).

* though I should say I'm fairly certain those sports radio people really did enter last year. The same radio hosts I believe once published a link to my website of a picture I posted, guys dressed in Star Wars Stormtrooper costumes with Chicago Bears over them. This caused a large one day spike in my webserver traffic. I'm not kidding. Wait, how could I be kidding? Is that even possible to make up?
----------------------
Whose champion bit it? -- 

Q: Tom 'Duke Again?' Hinds
A: No

Connecticut: Ann Sheehy, Bonnie Schulte, BGs
Drake: Benjamin Kent, Paul Prokop, Jen Lathrop, Laura Young Bentley, Janet E. Klaas, Ron Charlebois4
Oregon: Kara Christensen, caprice mcgrail
Clemson: Elizabeth Short, kim coffey, Amit Narula
Gonzaga: Colin Klaas, Nate 'Bulldog' Blake
Indiana: Barb Richards
Purdue: pamela, Steph dunks all day
Duke: Tom 'Duke Again?' Hinds, Anna Gammill, Sue Ray, Colleen Ahern, jeff mckeage, Erin, Diane Sievert, Shannon Avison, Larry 'Oakie' Ochs, tami p alt, Colleen Ahern, April Carcone, Bill Kuspa, Tom Schlaff, Ed DeHoratius, Curtis, Ann Kendall, Kathryn McRitchie, Vic Bubas, Monkey Mainia, Gregory White II, C. Sclater, Anna Z Arvant, Susie Smalling
Pittsburgh: Brody Nicholl, Jason DeVono, Shane Rowell, John Geis, mark w rosselot, Jack Buckley
Marquette: Kris Hawley, Summer Ahern
Kansas State: DeSontisTheCat Smalling
Notre Dame: Rslaz, Benjamin Choi
UNLV: Chris Duffy
----------------------
Boo Rah Rah --

These peoples' alma maters are no longer.

Drake alums, I feel for you. As an Iowa boy, it was impossible not to root for that team (fellow Iowa Boy Mike Brown excluded, who stood atop the JQMCBP leaderboard briefly for predicting that heartbreaking loss). I will say that the Western Kentucky-Drake game was the most entertaing game of the tournament thus far. But I'm sorry to see Drake take an early exit. Bulldogs, I hardly knew ye.

Also, I do protest: Colin Klaas, you did not go to Gonzaga. You are 6.5 years old. You also live in Quebec, which is not really a reasonable commute to Spokane for classes. 

Drake: Scott Mortimer, Michael Ferreter, Briar Andresen
Texas-Arlington: AMISH DAS, Mark Dyal
St Marys: Keith Metzger, Patti
Vanderbilt: Chris Amistadi, Nancy Valentine
Clemson: Brett Whitin, Amit Narula
Gonzaga: mike james, Colin Klaas
Maryland-Balt Co: Dwaine Null
Indiana: Mike Riggins, Jim Kresl, Barb Richards
Purdue: Keith Cherkauer, Tom Sanger, P Repp, Douglas Adams, Steph dunks all day
Duke: steve purtell, Jeb Byers, Ed DeHoratius, Kurt Anderson, Ann Kendall, Hilary Wilkinson, Kathryn McRitchie, Keith Stark, Vic Bubas, Kirk Moloney
Pittsburgh: Jim Parker, Brody Nicholl, Tim Hoffman, Matt Hoffman
Marquette: Joe Ahern, Curtis, Bill 'Where's Dwayne Wade' McGrail, Karen McCartney, Matt MacDonell
Kansas State: Becky Burton, Bill Rogers
Notre Dame: mike morando, Cate Blanchette, Bob Topel, Adam Kaplansky, Alexander the Great, Ara Parsegian, Grandmother J, Pat O'Leary, Mike Whiting
Texas A&M: Jeffrey Minch, Candy Chatawanich

----------------------
Fun With Data -- 

In the interest of getting this email out sometime before the end of April, I'm going to defer "Fun With Data" until my next email. I just hope you can live without my stupid charts and graphs until then. 

For those that are in need of a stupid chart or graph, I point you here:
http://farm4.static.flickr.com/3138/2283442064_a4897dd789.jpg?v=0

----------------------
Candy Bar of the Day --

The "I'm so awesome I have a candybar named after me" Award

Amanda Killer - for her choice of "A Kill"

Perhaps Amanda just automatically types her name when she sees a form entry box on a webpage, but I like to think she's living under the curious delusion that she has a candybar named after her. I wonder what's in an "A Kill Bar"...nougat? Yeah, definitely nougat. Maybe it's all nougat. Mmmm....that would be Killer.

A sidenote: I could have taken the easy path here and started making fun of Amanda's name, but I'm going to take the high road. I could have said things like "Q: What did the cuckold say before putting a hit on his wife? A: I need Amanda Killer!". I could have said things like that. But the Meister is not like that. Even if your name *is* one letter off from being A Panda Killer.

A second sidenote: Ms. Killer, I'll have you know that I'm singling you out on the emailed advice of someone you know. I'll leave it up to you to find out who that is.

----------------------
Enough with the crap, who's ahead? -- 

Betsy "Okay, just Snickers" Ross has had a remarkable run. If you've been watching the leaderboard over the past few days, you've probably noticed her at or near the top throughout.

TOP CHIMPS
rank	score	name		candybar	location
1	33	Joe the Chimp	Banana Moon Pie	
1	33	Rolando the Chimp	Banana Moon Pie	
3	32	Calvin the Chimp	Banana Moon Pie
3	32	Nigel the Chimp	Banana Moon Pie
5	31	Araceli the Chimp	Banana Moon Pie	
5	31	Carla the Chimp	Banana Moon Pie
5	31	Dayanara the Chimp	Banana Moon Pie	
5	31	Eugene the Chimp	Banana Moon Pie
5	31	Kobe the Chimp	Banana Moon Pie
5	31	Makena the Chimp	Banana Moon Pie
5	31	Shyann the Chimp	Banana Moon Pie
5	31	Susana the Chimp	Banana Moon Pie

TOP PEOPLE
rank	name	location	candybar	champion	score
1	Betsy Ross	Michigan	Snickers	Kansas	40	
2	Bartman	Minnesota	Kirby Puckett bar	UCLA	39	
2	Dwaine Null	Pennsylvania	Wonka Bar	North Carolina	39	
2	KDelker	Maryland	King Size Snickers	UCLA	39	
2	Lucy Delker	Maryland	Baby Ruth	UCLA	39	
2	Maggie Gates	Michigan	Chocolate	Michigan St	39	
2	Martie Lucas	International	Babe Ruth	Kansas	39	
8	Alex Ross	Michigan	3 Musketeers	Kansas	38	
8	andrew	Michigan	clark	Kansas	38	
8	Bob Rogers	Minnesota	Bonk Breaker Energy Bar	North Carolina	38	
8	Cathy Hartley	Maine	M&Ms	Memphis	38	
8	Chris Marshall	Michigan	Clark Bar	UCLA	38	
8	Dennis Brodjeski	Wisconsin	Milky Way	Texas	38	
8	Julie Smith	Washington	Violet Crumble	Tennessee	38	
8	Kevin Wigley	California	Kit Kat	North Carolina	38	
8	Kyle Heidgerken	Minnesota	skor	UCLA	38	
8	Larry Spiece	Michigan	chunky	North Carolina	38	
8	Mike Brown	Texas	snickers	Memphis	38	
8	Newmanator	Texas	peanut m&ms	Memphis	38	
8	Ryan Herrington	Connecticut	Fun Dip	North Carolina	38	
8	Steve Danek	California	Wonka bar, please.	Memphis	38	
8	Tom Schlaff	Michigan	Snickers	Duke	38	
8	William Morrison	California	Heath Bar	Memphis	38	

cheers,
the Meister
-------------------
