Ryan "Fun Dip" Herrington has had a firm grip on the top spot for a week now. Though a firm grip is often used as a subject in articles in Golf World, the magazine he writes for, it certainly didn't stop him from breaking his wrist at that Michigan Daily-Michigan State News annual football grudge match.*

* this story is included solely to inform Mr. Herrington that nothing gets by the omnipotent Candymeister. You may think you don't know me, but the Meister sees all.

----------------------
Fun With Data -- 

By popular demend, I did some digging in the JQMCBP archives and did some analysis on J Factors. 

For JQMCBP newbies, the J factor is a statistic of the "gutsiness" of your selections, particularly by quantitatively measuring your tendency to pick upsets in the first and third rounds of your bracket. A full (and I mean full) explanation of this very important statistic can be found here:
http://benklaas.com/jqmcbp/whatsyourj.cgi

For this analysis, I used pool data from 2003 to present and compared:
a. the J factor of the median of all (human) participants for a given year
b. the J factor of a perfectly filled out bracket (that is, every game picked just as the tournament played out)
c. the J factor of the eventual champion (or in this year's case, the current leader)

	a	b	c	champion
2003	8.08	2.59	6.70	Crazy "Snickers Cruncher" Woodsman
2004	7.51	1.98	6.55	Greg "Melo Bar" Rhoades
2005	6.64	3.58	8.22	Andy "See's Nuts and Chews*" Calvert
2006	8.16	4.45	1.66	Jay "Snickers" Wulkowicz
2007	7.03	1.05	8.45	Cary "Hazelnut Lindt" Thayer (tie)
			1.65	Arthur "Snickers" Rush (tie)
2008	5.84	3.64	7.09	Ryan "Fun Dip" Herrington (current leader)
avg	7.21**	2.88	5.76

* quite possibly the worst named candybar in the history of candybars
** I'm fairly certain taking a mean of medians is a really stupid thing to do statistically, but then again this is a stupid analyis of a stupid statistic in arguably the most asininely-staked gambling event on the planet. So there.

The take home messages I see from the data above:
The average JQMCBPer is usually but not always more "gutsy" than the eventual champion
The average JQMCBPer is always more "gutsy" than a perfectly filled out bracket
Conservative pickers beware: no one has ever one with a J factor less than 1.65, and the average is 5.76. There's always quite a few people that go across the board with favorites and a J factor of 0.00. C'mon people, pick a Davidson and a Western Kentucky here and there. Or, in my case, a South Alabama and a Drake.
Last year we had a tie for the championship, and the J factors of the champions were 8.45 and 1.65, proving that the J factor doesn't really tell you that much. Though it does tell you that if your J factor is above about 10, forget about winning: http://benklaas.com/jqmcbp/graphs/score_vs_j.png 
For no particular reason, I also plotted these data for the 1000 Chimp Army: http://benklaas.com/jqmcbp/graphs/chimp_score_vs_j.png

----------------------
Upsets...who picked 'em -- 

Believe it or not, there were 8 people that had Davidson all the way to this point. And man, did Davidson hand it to Wisconsin on Friday. Wasn't even close.

Davidson:  Claire Lucas, Corbitt Mizell, Edward Gordon Reece, Jon Bloom, Kristopher Nordstrom, Meghan Fleury, Paul Prokop, Ron Charlebois4

----------------------
Shout Outs 
where I pseudo-randomly (by which I mean not randomly at all) give a shout out to one or many of you, my loyal pool contestants.

Sorry, after all that J factor analysis I'm all shouted out right now. 

----------------------
Mailbag
Email jqmcbp@gmail.com with a good reason that I should mention you in my email. Or a bad reason. All reasons will be considered. 

-----
To: The Candymeister
From: Zachary Klaas

Only I know the truth about Bionic Cats and Dogs.

-----

My older brother thinks he's got me, but he does not. Taking a lead from the new Governor of New York David Paterson, I hereby admit to once playing a game of my own invention dubbed 'Bionic Cats and Dogs'. It is the truth, it is in my past, and I'd like to say that I've moved on and I have the full support of my wife and family. 

In my defense, I was 5 or 6 years old at the time. I'd coerce my neighbor Brent (currently T-89th place) into playing this part super hero, part pet role-playing game. 

Brent always wanted to play Army. When we played Army, we always pretended we were stationed at a secret base (inexplicably staffed by just two soldiers, us) on a remote South Pacific island that we found on my globe (it was called Yap; I can say with full confidence that Brent remembers that detail as well). Our activities on Yap involved two things: tapping out morse code on our sole means of communication with HQ, our telegraph machine, and running in slow-motion across my back yard while a fake air raid would be overhead. After these raids, I always ended up the injured one (picture a 6 year old slowly falling to the ground yelling in a low, slo-mo voice "nooooooo....I'm hiiiiiit". Not sure why, but it was always a leg injury too. Rest assured, these types of injuries never would have happened had the Army employed a different kind of soldier. For example, a bionic cat or dog. 

----------------------
Whose champion bit it? -- 

81 People kissed their champion adios since the last update.

Wisconsin: Dawn Balistreri, Kurt Delker, Becky Burton, Marion Brown, Jennifer Meagher, Laura Goodwin, William Girardot, Rob , Joseph Solek, Josh Moloney, MArty Dickrell, Brice McKendry, Seline (Dabean) HF, Genevieve Karamanski, Slick Willie Arvant, JP Wadzinske, AC Wadzinske, mr darren prodger, William Omar Reece III, Julie Littrell

Michigan St: Clare McHalpine, Kim Clexton, Ethan 'Go Green' Ray, Michael Carcone, Bill Blachford, LESLEY HOGG, Denis B. Charette, Gary Mullen, Hann Boe, Maggie Gates, Michael Gates, Dayton McGrail, Cindy Arvant, Margaret Wadzinske

Stanford: Ramon Roullard, Scott Mortimer, chad berkley, Patrick Connolly, Kevin Huntsman, Fatwansaboni, Joe Bro, Jason Kline, mmcneil, Mitch Pickens, Rennie Anderson, Steve Anderson

Villanova: Christy Reed

Washington St: Claire Lucas, Candie Bottom Feeder

Tennessee: pat bell, Kenneth Howard, Mark Larson, Trish Soriano, andrew gyorke, Rollie, Will McClintock, Steve Carlson, Rob Reed, Amanda Blake, Greg Ross, Wendy Volkman, David, Josh Thaler, Chris Charbonneau, Julie Smith, Clare Van Selow, Jen Ruprich, Doug Frobel, Leon, dslay, David Mitchell, Heather Helen Reece

Xavier: Rowan Klaas, Kelly Poole, Pat Callanan

Louisville: gi, serge martinez, Mike Shanahan, Dane Rozek, Eric Nordin, Amy McLanahan

----------------------
Boo Rah Rah --

These peoples' alma maters are no longer.

A couple observations first: 

1. The JQMCBP has no graduates from Western Kentucky, West Virginia, Villanova, Louisville or Tennessee. 

2. Michigan State grads, on the other hand, I seem to attract like moths to a flame. One explanation is that I'm huge in Michigan. HUGE. Like Hasselhoff in Germany (see point 4)

3. If I didn't believe that my 6.5 year old Quebec resident nephew Colin was a Gonzaga graduate, I'm certainly not buying that his younger sister Rowan has a degree from Xavier.

4. Germans love David Hasselhoff (http://youtube.com/watch?v=PJQVlVHsFF8)

Wisconsin: Ben Klaas, George Vacek, Dawn Balistreri, Mark Larson, Joel Rondeau, Dave Pausch, Todd Krueger, Marion Brown, steve shwaiko, Glen 'The Big Kahuna' Volkman, Ben 'No Klaas' Brown, Fred 'my baby daddy' Volkman, Wendy Volkman, Paul Wadzinske, Steve Danek, Barbara Matousek, MArty Dickrell, Brice McKendry, Nick Ketchum, Rob Danek, Karamanski, Hutch, John McCartney, Greg Wenz

Michigan St: Tom gyorke, Larry Spiece, Kim Clexton, Pat Koch, Ethan 'Go Green' Ray, Sara McHalpine, Barbie Hoag, Michael Carcone, Bill Blachford, Sue Ray, Tom H, Jason Jager, tone parlato, Pat Koch, Jeff Fleury, andrew gyorke, Eric Gifford, Thomas Leeper, MO Jr, moden, Bill Crandall, Grand Wazoo, Dan Gates, Leigh Keiper, Gregory Adel, KRISTIN GIFFORD, Thomas C. Richardson, Cindy Arvant, MR. RUPE, Patrick O'Boyle, Ryan Schilling, Krista Hoxie, T Cardwell Richardson, Kelly Caldwell, Peter Ferency, Anthony Morabito, Darren Spiece, Kurt , Rex Weichel, CLeVasseur

Stanford: Ramon Roullard, Donald Shamp, Jeff Amato, Kai Anderson, Matt Calvert, Robert Portnoy, John Fabian, Rennie Anderson, Andrew Hanson, Andy Calvert

Washington St: Wayne Lucas, Martie Lucas, David, Jeff Johnson, Stimes Stremme, Lorie Dankers, Rick Bartels

Xavier: Rowan Klaas, Jen Ruprich
----------------------
Candy Bar of the Day --

The Absolutely Necessary Allusion to the Movie Caddyshack Award

Goes to Travis Jenniges, for his selection of 'Baby Ruth (to float in the pool)'

DUTY IN THE POOL!

----------------------
Enough with the crap, who's ahead? -- 

After tomorrow the tournament will be down to the Final Four, after which I will analyze and report to you, my faithful public, as to who still has a shot for the candy.

TOP CHIMPS
rank	score	name		candybar	location
1	69	Joe the Chimp	Banana Moon Pie	Neverland Ranch
2	61	Karl the Chimp	Banana Moon Pie	Neverland Ranch
3	58	Cayden the Chimp	Banana Moon Pie	Neverland Ranch
4	56	Calvin the Chimp	Banana Moon Pie	Neverland Ranch
5	55	Brenda the Chimp	Banana Moon Pie	Neverland Ranch
6	53	Arturo the Chimp	Banana Moon Pie	Neverland Ranch
6	53	Dayanara the Chimp	Banana Moon Pie	Neverland Ranch
6	53	Kasey the Chimp	Banana Moon Pie	Neverland Ranch
9	52	Elvis the Chimp	Banana Moon Pie	Neverland Ranch
9	52	Roy the Chimp	Banana Moon Pie	Neverland Ranch

TOP PEOPLE
rank	name	location	candybar	champion	score
1	Ryan Herrington	Connecticut	Fun Dip	North Carolina	88	
2	Chris Amistadi	Washington	Reggie Jackson Bar	North Carolina	87	
2	Chris Hutchinson	Nebraska	Reeses Peanut Butter Cup	North Carolina	87	
4	Matt MacDonell	Michigan	PayDay	North Carolina	86	
5	Dwaine Null	Pennsylvania	Wonka Bar	North Carolina	85	
5	Jenni Thomas	Iowa	Swedish Fish	North Carolina	85	
5	Rebecca Bond	Maryland	Orbitz Bubblegum	Memphis	85	
5	Sean Haas	Michigan	Twix	UCLA	85	
9	Andy Calvert	California	Sees Vanilla Little Pops	Kansas	84	
9	Mike Thicksten	Illinois	Eye Candy	UCLA	84	
9	Paul Wadzinske	Wisconsin	King Size Snickers	North Carolina	84	

cheers,
the Meister
-------------------
