Player:		    *|NAME|*
Candybar:	    *|CANDYBAR|*
Your Bracket:	    http://benklaas.com/jqmcbp/player_bracket.cgi?player_id=*|PLAYER_ID|*
Your Darwin Score:  *|DARWIN|*
Your Current Score: *|SCORE|*
Leader is at:       *|LEADER|*
Your rank:          *|RANK|*/711
---------------

Charles Barkley used the word "spurtability" tonight. Twice.

----------------------
Upsets...who picked 'em -- 

Webmaster's note-- Setting up the pool, I always try to fully type out the names of the teams for the bracket so people know what they are picking. In the case of Florida Gulf Coast (Florida GC in the JQMCBP), I decided that they just weren't worth the extra characters, since they'd be gone so fast. Schwoops.

18 had the Wichita State Shockers shocker picked, 8 had the La Salle Explorers 2nd round victory, and 9 understood the special mojo of Florida Gulf Coast. It's notable that 4 of those 9 are also some of the first inductees to this year's Hall of Shame (mathematically eliminated from the Candy*).

Wichita State:  Chuck Rodrigues, Clare Isenhart , Gage Teer, Jed Durkin, Joel Anderson, Josie Davis, Julie Wendell, Kay Miller, Kristin Gifford, Matt Suomi, Rich L, Rick Shepich, Russell Nelson, Scott Mortimer, Steve Booschski, Tina Ferreter, Todd Krueger, Violet 'not your average 4 year old' Keiper, 

La Salle:  bj6395, Darby NIYO, Dr. Wilbur Wonka, Edziu, jennifer bassignani, Kelly 'Huh?' Clark, Mazzie Cakes, Trey (GJWIII), 

Florida GC:  bj6395, Dr. Wilbur Wonka, Edziu, Ellen Gifford, Meg Whelan, Rose, Theresa (TLW), Trey (GJWIII), Violet 'not your average 4 year old' Keiper

* not sure why Dr. Wilbur Wonka would enter a candy bar pool. Doesn't he actually OWN A RIVER OF CHOCOLATE?
----------------------
Shout Outs 

I've got a bad head cold this weekend and would like to avoid shouting and save my voice.

I will give one minor shout out to my daughter. No, not 8-year-old Carson, who is still near the top of the leaderboard and has been (very, very) intently watching the JQMCBP leaderboard this weekend. No, this goes to my other daughter, 7-year-old Piper, who while filling out a bracket with a perfectly reasonable J-factor score of 6.5, is rocking it in 682nd place. Best of all, she thinks that's HILARIOUS.
----------------------
Mailbag
to Candy Meister <jqmcbp@gmail.com>
from Nancy A. Valentine

I think you should disqualify Matt [Smalling] and/or require him to resubmit his candy choice, because what he has listed is not CANDY.

to Nancy A. Valentine
from Candy Meister <jqmcbp@gmail.com>

He's been doing it for years. Since I have historical data from all JQMCBPs going back about 10 years or so, I think I'll dig up all of his entries and publicly out him for his ongoing non-candy selections.

Since we went to Miss Judy's preschool together I'm going to stop short of a full DQ, but someday he will need to learn that nothing you can buy at GNC can be classified as candy. or food. or something you should put in your body.

cheers,
the Meister
 
So here, as promised, are Matt Smalling's candy* selections going back as far as I have data
2013	SupremeProtein CarbConscious Chocolate Caramel Cookie Crunch
2012	M&M Flurry Protein Bar from GNC
2009	Met-Rx Chocalate Chip Cookie Dough 
2008	Graham Cracker Cookie Dough Met-Rx Bar
2007	Chocolate Chip Met-Rx Crunch Bar
2006	Chocolate Chip Met-Rx Protein Bar
2005	Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough Met-Rx Bar
2004	BIG Detour Protein Bar (NOT the mini size)
2003	Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough Met-Rx Bar
2002	100 Gram Size - Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough Met-Rx Bar
2001	Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough Met-Rx Bar
2000	Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough Met-Rx Bar

* NOT CANDY. For shame.
___
Send me funny things! I just might print them! 
mailto:jqmcbp@gmail.com

----------------------
Whose champion bit it? -- 

More than 10% of JQMCBP entrants lost their champions this weekend, with the majority of the pain being inflicted by Gonzaga's loss. You 78 are all now rooting for Florida Gulf Coast so you can Win The Candy via attrition.

Butler: Sue Scott, Ellen Gifford

Gonzaga: Angela Hewitt, Jill Lantz, NGK, Tim Handlos, Sarah Zimmer, Nathan Blake, Gina Marie Keiffer, Dana Care, Kitty Kat Keiffer, Natalie Weir, Dennis Brodjeski, Blake Cundick, Hal Norman, Chris, jim walker, kim coffey, Lea Adams, Eddie Topel, Jennifer Topel, Maggie Topel, Greg Castle, John Caragher, Ruth Volkman, Corey Garza, Debbie Taylor, Darby NIYO, Give me the Candy! Cline, AJ Bowers, Peyton Bowers, Abby Chungath, Rob Bellin, Maria Blake, Lindsay Morgan, Michelle R. Young, Angie Mowery, Martin Casey, Milt Bellin, Amy McLanahan, Ray Niergarth, Christie Schmidt, Dan Nelson, Olivia Cory, Janine Klaas, Rowan Elisabeth Klaas, Peter C, Julia Foster, Tracy Schachern, Greg Rhoades, stephen anderson, Ron Gin, sandlots, Kona Anders, carly thaler, Carol A Reed, Christine Dyal, Cal Ruprich, Gloria Winters, Jackson Teer, Betsy 'Snickers' Ross, Romke Mooiweer, Martha Carlos

Illinois: Mike Brace, Jason Hermanson

Iowa State: Facebook Carrie O'Boyle, Christy Reed, Mason Smalling - son of Matt & Lori, Jen Johnson

Minnesota: Julie Wendell

North Carolina: Ben Shwaiko , MonkeyBugs

Saint Louis: Tom Markowski, Cousin Jones, Charlie Englehart, Lucy Rhoades, Sam Rhoades

Temple: Claire Lucas
----------------------
Boo Rah Rah --

The Iowa State Cyclones, technically my other alma mater, lost a heartbreaker to Ohio State Sunday, and as shown in the list below I'm guessing a raftload of you were probably watching that game. Not to inject sports commentary on this otherwise peripherally sports-related pool, but there's no way that was a charge. The issue wasn't whether Craft was in the "protected circle" either, which was picked apart at length by the TV crew, it was that he slid underneath Clyburn. Charge vs. Block is the hardest call to make in basketball, but that there was some weak sauce.

California: Chris, Rod Harl, Alex Frangos, Mike Ford, Arnold Woods

Colorado State: James McConnell, James McConnell

Creighton: Jeff Chungath

Harvard: Nathan Blake, Andrew Moore, Bridget Johnson, Dave Bush, Josh Thaler

Illinois: Scott Sabbert, Mitch Pickens, Michael Nommensen, Mike Brace, Jason Hermanson, Mark Richards, Tim Rush, Dawn Schmitt

Iowa State: Alex Blom, Angela Hewitt, CJ Hewitt, Sarah Handlos, Chris Hewitt, Zachary Klaas, Brent Dakin, Brent Swanson, David Smalling, Patrick Connolly, Bob (Jack's Oldest Son) Smalling, Ben there, haven't won Kehrwald, Brenda VB, DANK, Matthew Smalling, Brett 'Cal' Callison, Kevin Kane, Cara Peters, Chris Handlos, Kristal Sieve, Rob Bellin, Gary Bahr, Matt Van Heukelom, Doug Busta, Christy Reed, Pondscum, Green Acres, Jamie Harrison, Andrew Hefte, Chuck Rodrigues, Travis Baker, michael mowery, Jen Johnson, Laura Moreland, Rob Reed, Serine Isenhart, Clare Isenhart , Joanne Isenhart, Jeff Daykin, David holm, sandlots, Pat Dillon, Jeff Kopaska

Minnesota: Erik Wendell, Natalie Pastor, John 'Sweet Tart' Flaa, Abbey Nagel, Penny Pooper, Dave 'Heath Bar' Myers, Chris Goodwin, thomas m lyons, Dave Lyons, Amy Lyons, Joel Davis, Milt Bellin, Jeffrey Kroll, Heather Helen Reece, Liana Hilgenkamp, Fancy Moses

North Carolina: Allison Holifield

Saint Louis: Greg Rhoades

San Diego State: Sarah Zimmer, Matt Clark, Rollie Empizo, Wesley Davis, Robert Pezenhofer, Nate Reed, Kevin Milner, Amy Flaa

----------------------
Fun With Data -- 

There's animated VU meter style gauges on the J Factor page now. Check it out! The numbers in the J Factor column on the leaderboard are clickable now, and will take you right to the page. Special easter egg graphic for J Factors over 10. Similar J factor gauges were added to the Graphomatic page, which is a page torn directly out of the I-Can't-Believe-Anyone-Would-Look-At-This book*.

* Twilight by Stephanie Meyer
----------------------
Candy Bar of the Day --

The Pee-Wee Reese's Peanut Butter Cup Award for Most Obscure Sports Athlete Themed Candy Bar
Goes to Minnesota's own Joel Davis for his pick of "Pronk Bar"

There is a long-standing tradition in JQMCBP entrants to enter candy bars named after athletes. There's always a few Reggie Bars, Jose Canseco* bars have been showing up recently, and 2004 JQMCBP Champion had me** scouring Denver-area King Soopers grocery stores for the Melo Bar (for Carmelo Anthony), which was filled with liquer. I am not making this up.

The Pronk Bar took some research. It wasn't even clear that the Pronk bar was named after Cleveland Indians player Travis Hafner (OBVIOUSLY).

Reprinted from "Acheiver Card Blog", a baseball card enthusiast website:
"For those unfamiliar, former Tribe slugger Travis Hafner (he's not a former Indian, he's a former slugger) got the nickname Pronk in the minors. The story is that it's a combination of the words "project" and "donkey". There is never any elaboration on this story. I guess it's just supposed to make sense. OK then.

The candy bar's got a nice little picture of Hafner in a plain uni that vaguely looks like it might be an Indian's uniform if...you know...it had any kind of insignia anywhere. But, I get why it doesn't. At the bottom it explains the contents as "milk chocolate with crisped rice". So they went way out there in order to give the demanding public something truly unique."

* I don't do the Twitter, but Jose Canseco's twitter feed may be amongst the best and/or assured evidence of our coming apocalypse. 
He once tweeted 
	"Love animals. Saddens me that pandas are in trouble in the world"
Which was followed a few minutes later by 
	"Love Panda Express". 

Reminds me of the sage words of Homer Simpson 
	Homer: Hey, I can't hear myself think! 
	Homer's Brain: I want some peanuts.
	Homer: That's better

** well, my minions. By which I mean Josh Littrell.

----------------------
Enough with the crap, who's ahead? -- 

cris osier had a long run at the top over the weekend, but finally dropped back to the field. The lead is now held by two nickname-driven players, WhatNo and sandlots. sandlots, with now ousted Gonzaga as his/her/(its?) champion, needs one of the cinderella teams to go the distance to stay on top. The good news is that there are a lot of them left. WhatNo has Marquette, still alive but juuuuuust barely with squeakers in their first few games. I predict more unrest at the top of the board.

Top Humans
Rank	Name		Location	Candybar	Champion	Score
1	sandlots	Iowa	heath bar	Gonzaga	50	
1	WhatNo	Michigan	starlight mints	Marquette	50	
3	John Wallin	Colorado	Snickers	Kansas	49	
4	Carson Moxie Klaas	Minnesota	Hershey's Milk Chocolate	Kansas	48	
4	Jaime Millard	Michigan	Butterfinger	Florida	48	
4	James 'chick-o-stick' Stremme	Washington	Chickostick	Louisville	48	
4	Mark Dyal	Texas	3	Louisville	48	
4	Mike Lopus	Michigan	Reece's Peanut Butter Cups	Louisville	48	
4	Mrs. Mitchell Goosen	California	Thingamajig	Arizona	48	
4	Scott Sabbert	Missouri	Lindt strawberry milk chocolate	Indiana	48	

It's gettin' ugly with the chimps. Noemi (Noemi?) and Estevan are tied for the lead and only 3 of the top 10 chimps have their champ still alive. Like sandlots, the chimps are collectively rooting for Oregon, La Salle, Florida Gulf Coast, Wichita State, or Arizona to go all the way.
Top Chimps
Rank	Name		Location	Candybar	Champion	Score
1	Estevan the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	North Carolina	42	
1	Noemi the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Belmont	42	
3	Paloma the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Harvard	41	
4	Mariela the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Syracuse	39	
5	Kaia the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Ole Miss	38	
5	Naomi the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Marquette	38	
5	Soren the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Wisconsin	38	
8	Hazel the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	NC A&T/Liberty	37	
8	Matteo the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Georgetown	37	
8	Zavier the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Wichita State	37	

cheers,
the Meister
-------------------
