So I'm in Phoenix right now with my family visiting the Van Houten family, all 5 of whom are both entered in JQMCBP and mathematically eliminated from the Candy. Last night while Florida Gulf Coast was having their cinderella dreams crushed, we all waltzed into a store called, I'm not making this up, It'Sugar [sic]. I'm pretty sure I got contact diabetes from just walking into the doors of this brightly-lit supercharged Shrine to Sweet. They have snickers bars in there as big as baseball bats. As sole proprieter of a free candy-based NCAA pool, I voiced my concerns over this arms escalation to the management. Instantly I was swept away to a back room, where dark-suited men a la the Agents in The Matrix let me know that I was not to EVER mess with Big Sugar. Then they forced me to pose with giant boxes of Mike and Ike's and Hot Tamales, telling me to "act happy, or we're going to make you eat all of these". Photo evidence here:

http://benklaas.com/jqmcbp/bigsugar.jpg

----------------------
Upsets...who picked 'em -- 

The only true wild card left is Wichita State, who only two of all 711 of you picked. Jed and Violet, I can say with confidence that neither of you are average 4 year olds.
Wichita State:  Jed Durkin, Violet 'not your average 4 year old' Keiper

----------------------
Shout Outs 

I noticed Mrs. Mitchell Goosen on the leaderboard quite a while ago, and thought that it was a bit odd to be so formal like that. But my JQMCBP intelligence operatives, by whom I mean Jon Blake, informed me that the unnamed person whe entered as Mrs. Mitchell Goosen was in expressing a desire to be married to the main character from the 1993 epic roller blading/surf movie Airborne.

From IMDB. Honestly, I am not making this up:

Plot Synopsis: "Mitchell Goosen is sixteen/seventeen year old kid from California who loves to surf and roller blade. Yet, his parents, who are two zoologists were given a grant to work in Australia. The only problem was: Mitchell couldn't go with them. So, he gets sent to stay with his aunt, uncle, and cousin in Cincinnati, Ohio. When he arrives, he meets his cousin who is also his new roommate for the next six months: Wiley. Mitchell then goes to school and gets on the bad side the high school hockey players. Mitchell and Wiley end up enduring weeks of torture from the guys. Then, the big guys and Mitchell and Wiley have to learn to get along to try to beat the Central High School rivals in a competition down Devil's Backbone." 

Notable quotes-
Mitchell Goosen: Mitchell Goosen at your service. I'm not from around here. What to tell. Don't know what I want to be when I grow up. Don't care. Just as long as I live near the beach and don't have to wear a tie. Then I'll be stylin'.
Augie: Stylin'? St-stylin'?
Mitchell Goosen: Let me tell you what stylin' is. The perfect session: A-Frame wave, ground swell, spittin' out salt water in your face, doing a little lip action move, a 360 without a bounce. I call it a Liquid Drano Wannabe Bullwinkle. I tell you no lie, my friends. It's a consciousness raiser. 


I now also want to marry Mitchell Goosen. A shout out to you, Mrs. Mitchell Goosen. You picked your infatuation wisely.

----------------------
Mailbag

From: Dozens of you
To: The Candymeister

OMG I CLICKED UNSUBSCRIBE AT THE BOTTOM OF THIS EMAIL! IT WAS A MISTAKE I SWEAR I NEVER EVER WANT TO BE WITHOUT YOUR EMAILS!

signed,
dozens of you

To: Everybody
From: The Candymeister

Calm down*

* but seriously, that link at the bottom of the emails this year I have no control over, it comes from MailChimp. But, because of the hair-brained non-standard way I deliver this email it also doesn't work. So, problem solved!**

** if you really do want to unsubscribe, which I will only take slightly personally, email me directly and I'll take you off the list. 
___
Send me funny things! I just might print them! 
mailto:jqmcbp@gmail.com

----------------------
Whose champion bit it? -- 

Indiana, Miami, Kansas, and Michigan State was a dagger to well over 200 of you. Prob

Arizona: Mrs. Mitchell Goosen

Indiana: Tim Thomas, Suebob Robinson , Alex Blom, Herm 'nothing but NET' Liscious, Wendy Louise Reed, Eric, C West, Ken MIlls, Jeff Chungath , Tuffrasta, Ben Halpern, Kelli Strom, Erik Wendell, Mike Riggins, Brent Swanson, Phil Horvath, Eddie Sander, Janet Peart, David Smalling, Michael Meister, Leigh Keiper, Chase Campbell, Kevin Quinn, Scott Johnson, Old Joe Cislo, Scott Sabbert, Rod Harl, Patrick Fahey, Mike Altese, Pete, Jon Blake, Eric Gifford, Joe Hebda, Andrew Moore, Henry 'no known aliases' Nichols, Lance Van Houten, Suzanne Long, El De Sedge, Kathleen Mojzak, Bob Shaftoe, Mike Mojzak, Mike Mojzak, thomas m lyons, Samuel NIYO, Gregory (GJWII), Michael Gill Jr., P West, Kerie Whelan, Greg Ross, Jason Busta, Sanjayda, Bob Barsaloux, Andrew Gyorke, Derek Roesti, Kevin Chauvin , Annette Boehlje, Heather Lucas-foster, Dane Rozek, Shae Lorenc, Daniel Riggins, Billy Rossman, Erin Hogg, Dave Lyons, Matt, Amy Lyons, Matt Spohn, Joel Davis, Peter Arvant, Will Scott, Ken Holifield, Rob Meilinger, Andrew Waldron, Joe Bro, President Barack Obama, Jennifer Meagher, Rob Danek, Glenn Caldera, Kitty Kelly Cat, A$BuscusKlimala, J$Klimaliachi, Andrew Hefte, Kurtis Anders, Kurtis Anders, Scott Westhoff, Nate Reed, Dustin Thonen, Steve Englehart, Rob Reed, Kristin Gifford, Cate Whelan, April Mathis, Caroline Herrington, Joanne Isenhart, Pete Arvant, Marc Hebda, Rich L, Jeff Daykin, Liana Hilgenkamp, David holm, Rick Shepich, Patty Dillon, Sara Van Houten, Pat Dillon, Glen LaGrou, Karl Wechsler, Michael Maten, Joe Stevens, Fielding Yost, Tim Rush, Fritz Crisler, Tom Starling, Kurt Kedzierzawski , Bill Girardot, Nancy Niergarth, Jerry Schmitt, Ghattas Shatara, Tamara Portnoy, Jon, Barb Orzel, Steve Carlson, Blond in the Bleachers, Josh Carlson

Kansas: Lisa Blake, Noach Weiss, Emma Handlos, Matt Clark, Jane Kehrwald, Sam Hoag, Brad Feiler, Todd Krueger, Mark Stringer, Ed Nordstrom, annie hoag, Steve Booschski, John Wallin, Scott Larabee, Scott Boniface, Bill Faust, mellissa simko, Kim Clexton, Mike Brown, Alex Frangos, Bill Crandall, Matthew Smalling, Ken Howard, Cara Peters, Kristal Sieve, Andy Calvert, Sarah Benson, Lisa Reed, Scott Clair, Brian Clair, Kay Miller, Jenni Thomas, Scott Mortimer, Green Acres, Dayton McGrail, Jamie Harrison, Chuck Rodrigues, Judy Johnson, Tim Hoelscher , Eric Schmidt, Serine Isenhart , Carson Moxie Klaas, Camryn NIYO, Davecole, Kate Van Houten, ToddMS, Jennifer Taylor, Jed Durkin, Violet 'not your average 4 year old' Keiper, Alyssa Teer, Brian O'Donnell, Dave Metcalfe, Craig Drelles, Nathaniel smith, James McConnell, Katrin Wenz, James McConnell

Miami: Ben Klaas, Jason Danielson, Nigel, craig meyers, Bab Sansgaard, TC Runner, Danny Jarrett, 'Never too fresh' Soren Van Houten, Joe Hoag, Mike Kozak, Erin 'Hershey' D, Ramon Roullard, Mark Larson, Greg Brown, peter jones, Scott Delker, Steve shwaiko, Mitch Pickens, william cooper, Abbey Nagel, Jeff Hober, Brian Joseph, Mazzie Cakes, Prem, Alex' Don't know Sh$t about Basketball' Dexter, Dan Reed, Ricky Lin, Gary Bahr, Todd Bennett, Sara Mitchell, Joel Rondeau, Tom Westhoff , Allison Holifield, Bab Sansgaard, Joe O'Neill, Ken Nelton, John Gilliam, George McCartney, DHoops, PJ Schmidt, Williarm Omar Reece II., John Varesi, Heather Helen Reece, Candy Barre, John McCartney, William O Reece III, Henry Abraham Reece, Dan Ridgeway, Jen Ruprich, Josie Davis, Mark Richards, B.J. Bardy, Katy Klimczuk, Bob Rogers, Amish, Craig Welsh, Ryan Schmitt, Bryan Boguslawski, Gage Teer, Lisa LaGrou, David Ciambruschini, Zoey 'The Amazing Baby' Keiper, Simeon Chiger, Rogerio, catherine brozowski

Michigan State: Tom Hoag, Lesley Hogg, Sparty Party, cris osier, Dustin Ramoie, Chris Picini, Joe Hoag, Dan Clark, Sc ott Driscoll, Bill Mech, Matt Suomi, Cindy Arvant, Brett 'Cal' Callison, John Cooper, Linda Britton, Blackrocks brewery, Darren Spiece, Diane Sievert, Ethan 'Go Green' Ray, Izaak, Candy Chatawanich, Michael Hartnett, Lochlain McGrail, Bridget Johnson, Anna Arvant, Fancy Moses, Patrick O'Boyle, Joel Anderson, Bill Schneider, Jeff Waterstredt, Lauren Schmitt, Jeff Kopaska, Dan Gates, Meredith Caldera, Stella Van Houten, jennifer bassignani

----------------------
Boo Rah Rah --

58 of you lost your Alma Maters, although again with these precociously graduated kids: Mason Smalling, I know how old you are and it's too young to go to college, even if it is Kansas. Rock chalk jayhawk is not a game played with sidewalk chalk. Also, bye bye Sparty Pants, I mean Patrick O'Boyle.

Arizona: Drew Craft

Indiana: Mike Riggins, Janet Peart, Michael Meister, Suzanne Long, J$Klimaliachi, Kurtis Anders, Kurtis Anders, April Mathis, Joe Stevens, Bill Girardot

Kansas: Dad Klaas, Ed Nordstrom, Steve Booschski, Howard Johnson, Mason Smalling - son of Matt & Lori, Judy Johnson, Davecole

Michigan State: Tom Hoag, Sam Hoag, Mark Largent, Natalie Weir, Sparty Party, annie hoag, Barbie Hoag, Joe Hoag, Joe Hoag, Leigh Keiper, Sc ott Driscoll, Brian McDonald, Mark Weiss, Eric Gifford, Cindy Arvant, Kim Clexton, Bill Crandall, Blackrocks brewery, Darren Spiece, Sue Ray, Sue Ray, Ethan 'Go Green' Ray, Jaime Millard, Andrew Gyorke, Thomas Leeper, Sue Scott, Jules Olson, Kitty Kelly Cat, Tracy Schachern, Kristin Gifford, Marc Hebda, Bob Ruprich, Rick Shepich, Patrick O'Boyle, Bill Schneider, Jeff Waterstredt, Kurt Kedzierzawski , RUPE, Michael Carcone, Dan Gates

----------------------
Fun With Data -- 

On the flight to Phoenix I modified the sweet sixteen simulator to be run for the elite eight and final four as well. As such, I've renamed it the Unweighted Chance Of Winning (UCOW, pronounced "You Cow!"). I re-ran the bracket simulation this morning, and with the Indiana and Kansas losses we've pared down the list of potential winners significantly, from 330 down to 23 (22 humans, 1 chimp). Branden the Chimp wins 7 of 128 of the possible champion brackets, but appears to require the champion to be Wichita State (i.e., very unlikely). The cryptic WhatNo is still in the lead and still has the highest unweighted chance of winning, but a Marquette victory is critical to WhatNo's ascendence.

I was asked if this bracket simulation might be ruining the JQMCBP for people by stealing their hopes and dreams too early. Quite possibly, so I plan to do even more of it next year, integrating UCOW stats into the website.

===== WINNERS ====
Name	Number of Winning Brackets	Percentage of Winning Brackets
WhatNo	20	15.625
Kiera 'Guinness' D	11	8.594
John 'Little Crusher' Lucas	10	7.812
Adam Keyser	8	6.250
Jaime Millard	8	6.250
Allen Witt	8	6.250
Mark Dyal	7	5.469
Branden the Chimp	7	5.469
Ed Myers	6	4.688
Terry Sievert	6	4.688
John Housenga	6	4.688
Elizabeth Short	6	4.688
Jared Elfvin	5	3.906
Josh Nisenson	4	3.125
caprice mcgrail	4	3.125
William Hershey	4	3.125
Dave Marney	4	3.125
ryche13	4	3.125
Jeff Johnson	3	2.344
Ted	2	1.562
Josh Plumb	1	0.781
Chris Gayler	1	0.781
Conner Simons	1	0.781
==== HUMAN WINS, CHIMP WINS ====
Human Wins: 121
Chimp Wins: 7
==== NUMBER OF WINNERS/OUTCOME TALLY ====
1	121
2	6
3	1

----------------------
Candy Bar of the Day --
where I single out one or two of my favorite candy selections

Clearly it's gigantic Hot Tamales and/or Mike & Ike's.

I will never again mess with Big Sugar.
----------------------
Enough with the crap, who's ahead? -- 

Interesting side note, sandlots has the dubious distinction of being the highest ranked person I've ever seen thrown into the Hall of Shame at this stage. 66 points but with a Run the Table score less than the current leader. Well done sandlots!

Top Humans
Rank	Name		Location	Candybar	Champion	Score
1	WhatNo	Michigan	starlight mints	Marquette	74	
2	Jeff Johnson	Washington	Butterfinger	Ohio State	69	
3	Mark Dyal	Texas	3	Louisville	68	
4	Adam Keyser	Minnesota	Snickas	Duke	66	
4	Allen Witt	California	Bit O Honey Bar	Duke	66	
4	Elizabeth Short	Michigan	Kit Kat	Michigan	66	
4	John Housenga	Minnesota	Reese's Egg, Ostrich Size	Duke	66	
4	Josh Nisenson	California	Laffy Taffy Grape	Louisville	66	
4	sandlots	Iowa	heath bar	Gonzaga	66	
4	Terry Sievert	Michigan	Almond Joy	Ohio State	66	

Estevan the Chimp still at the top, but one more Wichita State win would probably be enough for Branden the Chimp to clinch the Chimp Cup.
Top Chimps
Rank	Name		Location	Candybar	Champion	Score
1	Estevan the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	North Carolina	58	
2	Paloma the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Harvard	53	
3	Arnold the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Memphis	51	
3	Joselyn the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Florida	51	
3	Mariela the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Syracuse	51	
6	Asha the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Florida	50	
6	Jackson the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Marquette	50	
6	Naomi the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Marquette	50	
9	Anya the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Colorado	49	
9	Desiree the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Harvard	49	
9	Lucy the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Valparaiso	49	

cheers,
the Meister
-------------------
