Well. Well well well well well. Friday produced not one but two stunning upsets, throwing the NCAA tournament, and more importantly JQMCBP into much flux. 

Last night I was sitting in my living room, just having finished entering Kansas's victory over Detroit. I was thinking to myself that I was a) on the hook for another update and b) super extra special tired, when BAM! a power outtage struck benklaas.com HQ. I took this as a sign and went to bed. If you tried to access JQMCBP between 11pm and 9am Fri/Sat, that's why you couldn't reach it. This is in contrast to Friday morning, when a two hour outtage was caused by a technical issue with my router, fixed by the highly involved procedure of "turning it off and then on again".

So, technical glitches hopefully behind us, round 1 is over and JQMCBP is full steam ahead.

----------------------
Upsets...who picked 'em -- 

In my first email, I said the following prophetic statement: Tomorrow is another day. GO LEHIGH MOUNTAIN HAWKS!

Oh, and GO they did. After the Norfolk State upset, the Lehigh dismantling of Duke (and if you watched it, you can agree Lehigh was the better team), ESPN.com ran the best headline thus far of the tourney: "Missouri Loves Company".

Lehigh:  Aisha Tyler, Blair 'Beefcake' Brownyard, Brian Fitzpatrick, Claire Lucas, Darby Niyo, Izaak Sawyer, Joe Hoag, Mason Ross Smalling, Tara Rowland

Norfolk State:  Brian Fitzpatrick, Christy Reed, Craig-O Wadzinske, Dani Rozek, Ellen Gifford, Erin Wenz, Jim 'Let's instead bet on the America's Cup races' Soriano, Sam Hoag, Trey White

Picked both Lehigh AND Norfolk State: http://benklaas.com/jqmcbp/LehighAndNorfolk.cgi

----------------------
Shout Outs 
where I pseudo-randomly (by which I mean not randomly at all) give a shout out to one or many of you, my loyal pool contestants.

To Joel Rondeau, who spent enough quality time (presumably at work) to determine that the Chimp that Started it All (tm), Lucky the Chimp, had not entered this year's pool. It turns out Lucky had a bracket written, but did not enter it in the JQMCBP as a protest for what Lucky called "the systematic persecution of chimpanzees in sports gambling, particularly low stakes events involving candy bars." Through a complex negotiation invovling me executing the "lucky.pl" script via a command-line, Lucky is now entered in the pool, making it 1001 chimps entered in the competition.

----------------------
Mailbag

From: Steve Carlson
To: The Candymeister

Dear Meister,

Your emails have a lot of asterisks.  I didn't count them all*, but I'm pretty sure there are enough there that they could start their own army.  You know, to take on the Chimps.**

Steve Carlson****

* Participation in JQMCBP notwithstanding, I really do have a life.
** Speaking of the Chimps, I'm pretty sure Victoria the Chimp is on the juice.***  How else can you explain her picking Norfolk State over Missouri?!
*** As Barry Bonds taught us, that deserves an asterisk being placed on her records.
**** Really, really glad to have JQMCBP back this year!  Don't leave us again.  Ever.

I'm sorry for my over-use of asterisks, Steve. After reviewing the first email update, I have to agree. In response to this, I have decided to put a hiatus on my asterisk footnotes in favor of agregious parenthetical tangents (side note: Steve's email address had a domain that had 'possible fellow nerd' written all over it, so I did the appropriate thing to check this out and put his domain into my web browser to see if he had an analagous benklaas.com-like website. He did (side side note: my favorite thing that I found on his website was a link to Garfield Minus Garfield, which takes the straight-forward comedy of Garfield (he loves lasagne!) and turns it into an existential romp featuring only Jim and Odie (http://garfieldminusgarfield.net/ (March 6th is my favorite)). So anyway, I don't have anything to award Steve for his nerdiness (50 points for Gryffindor!), but I will promise to stop using so many asterisks (for now))).

----------------------
Whose champion bit it? -- 

More than 10% of the pool participants lost their eventual champion Friday, most of whom thought highly of either Missouri or Duke. To the 78 of you with departed champions, its time to start saving your pennies because you will be buying your own candy bar for the forseeable future. A notable exception to this truth is my 6-year old daughter Piper Dare Klaas. Piper stated definitively (as she is wont to do), after entering her brackets with my assistance, that "even if I lose you're getting me a candy bar." Duke may have lost, but she will find a way to get that Nestle Crunch, or so help me she will cry trying.

Missouri: Dave Giugni, Neil Kornze, Todd Krueger, Penny Pooper, Mark Larson, josh foster, Tracy Niyo , Karlene Jennings, Rob Bellin, Scott Sabbert, maria blake, Luke Van Selow, Blair Brownyard, Mark Foster, Joel 'Real Entry' Rondeau, Jeffrey J Keiffer, Sean Whelan, Brett Safford, Nathan Reed, James Stremme, David Mitchell, Chuck Rodrigues, Michael Carcone, Kelley Brost, Saleem Ahmed, Daksh Mehta, Charlie Englehart, John McCartney, Adam Colaizzi, Dan Crim, Dane Rozek, Christine Dyal, Greg Wenz, Erik Rowland, John Housenga, B.J. Bardy, Tom Schneider, Bill Scott, Greg Rhoades, Dave Giugni, Billy Reece, Jeff J$ Klimala

Duke: Noam Hurwitz, Tom Hinds, Kim Landon, Dennis Brodjeski, Huey McKeage, Jane Kehrwald, Matt Goodrich, Becky Burton, Jeff 'Now in Colorado' Hober, Susie Smalling, Erin 'Kit Kat' Delargy, Josh Moloney, Todd Beranak, Jennifer Highbarger, K West, Erik Wendell, Piper Dare Klaas, Eric Roop, Beth Cline, Adam 'Mario loves Spongebob'Klimala, Mike Whiting, Dani Rozek, Rob McDermid

San Diego State: Blair 'Beefcake' Brownyard, Nathan Blake
Memphis: Cara Peters
Alabama: Neko Morando
Michigan: Colin Keiffer, Larry F Ochs, Annelise Ross, Jennifer MC, caprice mcgrail, Patrick, Tracey Watlington
Notre Dame: Weezy33, Carol Blanchette

----------------------
Boo Rah Rah --

The Gospel of JQMCBP has spread in large part due to the work of John "Big Cup" Niyo, who happens to be a Michigan alum and know a lot of people in the sports media and/or sports fan and/or candy-loving demographic. As such, a whole ton of Michigan grads lost their beloved Wolverines. Who would have guessed that the Bobcats of Ohio could be so fierce? Well...I do actually have some footage that shows the tenacity of the Ohio Bobcats: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6JKD65hhsho

Michigan: Colin Keiffer, Allan Dranberg, Tom Joseph, Fielding Yost, Dan Hoops, Greg Castle, Darren Brown, Pete Arvant, Bobby Boucher, Greg Ross, Trey Joseph, Joe Cislo, Betsy 'Snickers' Ross, Christopher Gulock , John Niyo, Tracy Niyo , Michael Maten, Bruce, John Geis, Michael Collins, Jennifer MC, Rod Beard, Wolsiertans, Diane Walkusky, caprice mcgrail, Fritz Crisler, Mike Lopus, Rob Cory, Gina DePolo, Sean Whelan, PWest, Diane Michael, Ryan Herrington, Wall St Ryan, Saleem Ahmed, Kate Meilinger, Rob Meilinger, Mr. Miyagi, Kathleen Mojzak, B.J. Bardy, Tom Schneider, Michael Shim, april carcone, David Gibson, JC, Michael Simmons, Rob McDermid

As for the rest of you, Belmont grad 'Pete - FBBK Friend' contacted me to let me know that he was particularly bitter about their loss, and would be drowning his sorrows in a 2-liter of Diet Pepsi (don't ask). Also, it should be noted that of the 5 Duke grads, three are published Ecologists, one is the father of Bayly, and one is apparently a Turnipseed. Also, I forgot that my dad is a Missouri alum. Luckily he has a solid academic stake in a few other institutions (Kansas, Iowa State) left in the tournament.

Texas: Ryan Brady, Will Mason, Chris McHam, 
San Diego State: maria blake, Nathan Reed, Wesley Davis, Jelly Belly Milner, Amy Flaa, 
Virginia: Gavin Long
Belmont: Pete - FBBK Friend
Missouri: PopKlaas
Memphis: Tim Hoelscher
Duke: mary turnipseed, Kirk Moloney, Jeb Byers, Kurt Anderson, Bayly'sDad
Notre Dame: Carol Blanchette, Bob Topel, Mike Whiting
Detroit: Pete Kroha, Jeffrey J Keiffer, Cruz Moyet, Steve Englehart

----------------------
Candy Bar of the Day --

The "Reliably Picks Something I Question Whether Can Be Considered Candy" award goes, for the 10th straight year, to Matt 'Preschool Friend of Ben' Smalling for his selection of an M&M Flurry Protein Bar from GNC. I walk by GNC on my way into work, and I can say with reasonble authority that there is literally nothing in that store I would be interested in ingesting. Well chosen again, Smalling. 

----------------------
Enough with the crap, who's ahead? -- 

Hudson Wisconsin's finest, Billy Reece, has shot to a lead after the round of 64. Interested in Reece's chances going forward, I performed a series of advanced statistical calculations to accurately determine his probability of winning the "Big box of SPREE" he's seeking. Using the latest cutting edge data visualization techniques, I've distilled the analysis to the following infographic:

http://benklaas.com/jqmcbp/images/reeceschances.png

People:
Rank	Name		Location	Candybar	Champion	Score
1	Billy Reece	Wisconsin	Big box of SPREE	Missouri	27	
2	Christopher LeVasseur	Michigan	Heath Bar	Kentucky	26	
2	Ed Roach	Iowa	snickers	Kentucky	26	
2	Julie Fitzpatrick	Michigan	Baby Ruth	Michigan State	26	
2	Nick MacDonell	Wisconsin	Three Musketeers	Michigan State	26	
6	Andy Glime	Michigan	Whatchamcallit	Kentucky	25	
6	Brett Safford	California	Butter Finger	Missouri	25	
6	Caroline Smith	Kansas	Snickers	Kansas	25	
6	CJ Hewitt	Iowa	snickers	Baylor	25	
6	Craig Papa D	Michigan	Pay Day	North Carolina	25	
6	Debbie Taylor	Michigan	Caramel Twix	Syracuse	25	
6	Doug Busta	Iowa	Reese's Peanut Butter Cups	Kentucky	25	
6	Eddie Deevine	Hawaii	Snickers 'fun size'	Syracuse	25	
6	Greg Rhoades	Missouri	Frozen Snickers	Missouri	25	
6	Henry Nichols	Indiana	King size Payday	Indiana	25	
6	Joe Nichols	Wisconsin	Take 5	Syracuse	25	
6	John Flaa	Washington	Marathon	Ohio State	25	
6	Kristal Sieve	Oklahoma	Nerds	Kentucky	25	
6	Linda Knight	Virginia	Hershey bars	North Carolina	25	
6	Michael Maten	International	Twix	Kentucky	25	
6	Nick Alverson	Iowa	Milky Way	Georgetown	25	
6	Scott Ryan	Washington	Heath Bar	Michigan State	25	

Nikhil the Chimp, the child of emigrants and long-time Pawtucket Zoo residents Chico and Bananas, has taken a commanding 2 point lead. But watch out for Ayanna, who astutely picked up Kentucky as her champion (via a series of astute coin flips, using an astute coin). In chimp-to-chimp competition, Ayanna is the one to beat.

Chimps:
Rank	Name		Location	Candybar	Champion	Score
1	Nikhil the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Indiana	26	
2	Ayanna the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Kentucky	24	
2	Julissa the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	UNC Asheville	24	
2	Shelby the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	New Mexico	24	
5	Aryanna the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Xavier	23	
5	Bo the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Vanderbilt	23	
5	Casandra the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Memphis	23	
5	Dayton the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Western Kentucky	23	
5	Jade the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Xavier	23	
5	Rahul the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	West Virginia	23	
5	Victoria the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Cincinnati	23	

Unlike real life, LeBron James is having a terrible first quarter, dropping to last in the celebrity bracket. Aisha's sage choice of Lehigh over Duke jumps her into 2nd place, just ahead of Dick Vitale, aka "Basketball's Gilbert Gottfried", Jesse Eisenberg, aka "the thinking man's Michael Cera", and Sir Nick Faldo, aka "Is it possible to think up a funny name for Nick Faldo?".

Celebs:
Rank	Name		Location	Candybar	Champion	Score
1	President Barack Obama	District of Columbia	Four More Years Bar	North Carolina	24	
2	Aisha Tyler	California	Heath Bar	North Carolina	22	
3	Dick Vitale	North Carolina	Ritalin Bar	Kentucky	21	
3	Jesse Eisenberg	California	Whatchamacallit	North Carolina	21	
3	Sir Nick Faldo	International	Cadbury Milk Bar	Kentucky	21	
6	David Feherty	International	Nutter Putter	Baylor	20	
7	Justin Verlander	Michigan	Tiger's Milk Bar	Michigan State	19	
8	LeBron James	Florida	King Size Choke Cherry Jawbreaker	Kentucky	18	

cheers,
the Meister
-------------------
