I went grocery shopping on Sunday with my kids. Amongst other things*, picked up a pound of butter. On it was one of the more puzzling marketing teasers I've seen in a while: "Great for Baking". Seriously. On a box of butter. Not to get all Andy Rooney on you, but why in the world would anyone be in the dark about this fact? Doesn't everyone know you can bake with butter? I have some alternative marketing I'd like to throw out: 
"WOW! Have you tried this on Pancakes?"
"Melts When Subjected to Heat"
"An Excellent Condiment for Bread"
"Yep, still Butter"

This of course has nothing to do with the basketball tournament, does it. JQMCBP veterans will know that's mostly irrelevant.

The tournament, from a sports perspective, hasn't been that fun this year. The favorites are mostly winning (except, grumble grumble, Wake Forest), and the only true underdog is Arizona, a team which typically is nothing of the sort. I won't bore the Candy Faithful with actual discussion about sports, so if you want to read more, Pat Forde has a decent breakdown here:
http://sports.espn.go.com/ncb/ncaatourney09/columns/story?columnist=forde_pat&id=4007781

* "Daddy? can we have chocolate milk? Daddy? can we have new shampoo? Daddy? what kind of chips can we get?"
----------------------
Upsets...who picked 'em -- 

It's pretty weak as an "upset", but here are the 54 that selected Arizona to win Sunday's game:

Arizona:  Alena C Wadzinske, Allan Dranberg, amanda blake, Amy Flaa, Anya Lukasewycz, Austin Eide, Barbie Hoag, Ben Halpern, Ben Lantz, Bill Crandall, Carol Blanchette, Cathy 'swissmiss' Stidwell, Chris Amistadi, Christy Reed, Claire Lucas, Dan Gates, Dan Reed, David Gray Wright, Denis Charette, Edward 'Eddie' Gordon Reece, El Chorro, ELLIE RUPE, Georgia Shwaiko, Izaak Sawyer, Jacob P Wadzinske, Joe Bowers, Joe Gusumano, John Housenga, Jordan Morrison, Justin LaManna, Kaitlyn Menting, Kay Miller, Kevin Quinn, Madison Dyal, Maggie Gates, Mark Dyal, Max Payne, MiaBella, Michael Ferreter, Michael Herger, Mitch Pickens, Nick DiGirolomo, Reesa Karamanski, Rob Reed, Robert Wilke, Roberto Castillo, Rod Harl, Scott 'Crash' Barkan, stephen anderson, Susan Morrison, Tim Thomas, Timothy Handlos, Tom Schneider, William Blachford

----------------------
Shout Outs 
where I pseudo-randomly (by which I mean not randomly at all) give a shout out to one or many of you, my loyal pool contestants.

To my Swiss friend and co-worker Michael Herger who braved a complete lack of basketball knowledge and entered JQMCBP. Now he braves my onslaught of American English lingo-ridden emails, which I can only imagine are tough to stomach for a native german speaker. Michael's candy choice, "nuts", seems apropos...he is one of the first 13 members of the Hall of Shame (http://benklaas.com/jqmcbp/hallofshame.cgi), those candy seekers mathematically eliminated from the competition.

He's been a very good sport about it. Well, mostly a good sport. Which brings me to...
----------------------
Mailbag

Subject: Re: the candy bar pool
Date: Fri, 20 Mar 2009 08:00:04 +0100
From: Michael Herger 

Welcome Michael Herger
your rank is 656/658

YOU TOLD ME EVEN NUTS COULD WIN!!!! I WANT MY ELECTRONS BACK!!! THIS  
TOTALLY SUCKS! I EVEN STILL DON'T KNOW WHAT THE HECK JQMCBP MEAN!!!

At least my J factor and Darwin values are above median. WHAT?!? THAT'S NO  
GOOD??!? NOBODY TOLD ME!!!

Michael

----------------------
Whose champion bit it? -- 

20 more contestants lost their pick to win it all...

Sionara, candy chances:
UCLA: Frank Gale, Denis Charette
Texas: Jacob P Wadzinske, Austin Wilson, Madison Dyal
Louisiana St: Annie Rhoades
Arizona St: Kristi Wasmer
Michigan: Elizabeth Ryan, Ron Fuller
Dayton: Rosalind Red Skittles Kroha
USC: Jeffrey Bunch, Timothy Handlos, Catherine Brozowski
Washington: steve morando, stephen anderson, Dayton McGrail, rolo dog thaler
Marquette: Michael Herger, Prem Balakrishnan, Dawn Balistreri

----------------------
Boo Rah Rah --

92 of us, including myself, lost our alma maters in tournament play over the weekend. Some were undoubtedly depressed by this, although I can't say I was. Wisconsin coached under Bo Ryan could be one of the most boring college basketball teams to watch. I am saddened, however, to see just how many more Michigan Wolverine alums there are than Wisconsin Badgers. As always, I blame John Niyo for this atrocity.

I'm not certain what Texas A&M's admission process is, but the fact that the two alums in JQMCBP are named "Candy" and "Droopy Buttons"...well, let's just say I'm not so sure about that institution.

Hey! Your school is a bunch of LOSERS!
Oklahoma St: Suresh Narayan, jeffrey mckeage, Chris Breese

Wisconsin: Paula Shwaiko, Greg Wenz, Mark Larson, Steve Danek, Glen 'Mexican Mafia' Volkman, Fred 'shooter' Volkman, Marilee Karamanski, Ben Klaas, Tim Ogg, steve shwaiko, Todd Krueger, Joel Rondeau, Marion Brown, Matt Calvert, Paul Wadzinske, MArty Dickrell, Rob Danek, Barb Matousek, Ben 'No Klaas' Brown, Tom 'Chewwy' Wadzinski, George Vacek, John McCartney, Patrick Todey

UCLA: John Varesi, Chris Monger, Jackelyn Alva, Lisa Reed, Scott Perley

Texas: Will Mason, R

Western Kentucky: The Self

Arizona St: Salena/Chris, Neil Basu

Michigan: bob frazier, Michael Maten, Sarah Carson, Rob Cory, Gina DePolo, John Geis, April'Nobody better lay a finger on my Butterfinger!'Carcone, Thomas Joseph, Joe Cislo, Darren Brown, Tracy Niyo, Sean Haas, Joey Fassett, Sean Whelan, jennifer meagher, Pete Arvant, Colin James Keiffer, Betsy Ross, Tom Schneider, Diane Louise, Ron Fuller, Greg Ross, Matt Rennie, chris bookout, Bruce (the Moose) Ghastin, Kate Meilinger, The Mayor, Nancy Niergarth, John Niyo, B.J. Bardy, Ryan Herrington, Fielding Yost, Da'n Hoopsish, Jon Klimczuk, Saleem Ahmed, Lady Di, BillG

Dayton: Eric 'Big Kat' Schmidt

USC: paul blake

Texas A&M: Droopy Buttons, Candy Chatawanich

Washington: Vespa Lea, Round Two, Shane Rowell, Sara Mitchell, Bill Rossman, Patty Dillon, Paul 'Ritter Sport' Dunlap, Alissa Long, Todd Dankers

Marquette: Bill 'Where's Dominic James' McGrail, Matt MacDonell, Karen McCartney, Sue schmidt, curtis stalter

Maryland: Jeff Johnson, Ryan 'Chunky' Grubb

----------------------
Fun With Data -- 

A quick note about the fantastic(ally useless) data tools available to you at JQMCBP HQ.

Graphomatic(TM) has been mostly broken until last night. It's fixed and running smoothly now, so head over there and give it a shot. Guaranteed mostly not that interesting! But they're graphs, andeverybody loves graphs, right? http://benklaas.com/jqmcbp/graphomatic.cgi

As noted earlier, the Hall of Shame is starting to build. 13 members and growing! When will you join? http://benklaas.com/jqmcbp/hallofshame.cgi

----------------------
Candy Bar of the Day --

The Ambiguity Award

Abby Chungath, who selected "Snickers (as if)". Does this mean you don't think you want a Snickers, or you don't think you'll win? Which is it?? 

If it's the former, is this a vicious stab at one of the most popular candy bars on the planet, hands down the most commonly selected candy in JQMCBP? What is it you have against Snickers, Abby? Is it the delicious peanuts, or the wonderful caramel. Or is it Snickers' secret weapon: nougat?

Or is it the latter-- are you just bummed that there are so many people in JQMCBP that your chances are basically "as if"? If that's the case, I've created a special filter for the leaderboard, just for you:
http://benklaas.com/jqmcbp/leaderboard.cgi?view=25&sort=rank&order=asc&filter=935&man_or_chimp=both

----------------------
Enough with the crap, who's ahead? -- 

The lack of upsets means there's lots of people with relatively high scores at this stage in the tourney. Mark "3 Musketeers" Dyal* and Matt "PayDay" MacDonell share top honors after round 2.

1	Mark Dyal	Texas	3 Musketeers	North Carolina	58	
1	Matt MacDonell	Michigan	PayDay	Louisville	58	
3	Joe Bowers	Wisconsin	King Size Snickers	North Carolina	56	
3	Kevin Quinn	Massachusetts	Caramello	North Carolina	56	
5	Annette Boehlje	Iowa	caramello	Louisville	55	
5	Ed Nordstrom	New Mexico	Butterfinger	Oklahoma	55	
7	Angie Mowery	Iowa	O'Henry	North Carolina	54	
7	Austin Eide	Iowa	3 Musketeers	Memphis	54	
7	Don Shamp	California	Giant Tobler Bar	North Carolina	54	
7	Riley Delker	Maryland	Giant Snickers	Michigan St	54	
7	Zeke Sabbert	Missouri	King Size Nestle Crunch	North Carolina	54	
7	Zoe Sabbert	Missouri	Butterfinger	Pittsburgh	54	

* Sorry Mark, you can now never be Carrie's friend (see 1st day email)

rank	score	chimp
1	40	Ashlyn the Chimp
1	40	Marcelo the Chimp
3	39	Catalina the Chimp
3	39	Cedric the Chimp
3	39	Josephine the Chimp
3	39	Sophia the Chimp
7	38	Deanna the Chimp
8	37	Amara the Chimp
8	37	Brice the Chimp
8	37	Kane the Chimp
8	37	Lisa the Chimp

cheers,
the Meister
-------------------

