Welcome to JQMCBP XIV!

660 brave humans, and 1001 chimps (Lucky plus his 1000 chimp army) have decided that the JQMCBP is a good use of their time. 

According to my database, there are about 157 rookies to the pool this year. Welcome to the insanity! To fill you on on what to expect here, what I do is send out email updates several times during the course of the tournament, going on and on and on over the seemingly meaningless minutia of things. They might seem meaningless but...well okay, they're meaningless. But we'll have fun, or your money back.*

In addition to the emails, there's lots of important, vital resources available with your web browser. Check out the links at the bottom of the email or head to http://benklaas.com/jqmcbp/leaderboard.cgi as a jumping off point.

* Refund applications need to be filed in triplicate and mailed to the Johnny Quest Memorial Candy Bar Pool Customer Service Department, care of its Parent Corporation, Slaptronics Personal Massage Therapy and Self Help Video Distribution Corporation of Netherland Antilles (nasdaq:SPMTSHVDCNA). Or you could contact your congressperson, which will give you a similar outcome.

----------------------
NEW: Barack's Baracket

Believe it or not, President Barack Obama has entered this year's Candy Bar Pool. Or rather, his bracket has...President Obama really did fill out a bracket (seriously, I'm not kidding: http://tinyurl.com/d8gcho), and I've gotten access to his picks and entered them in JQMCBP. You can view how your performance rates with the Commander in Chief here: 
http://benklaas.com/jqmcbp/player_bracket.cgi?player_id=THE_PRESIDENT_OF_THE_UNITED_STATES

I googled for "barack obama favorite candy bar" and found an answer*. The interwebs know everything. I'm pretty sure there's no need to get edumacated any more.

* smoked salted caramels (Michelle prefers dark chocolate salted caramels)

----------------------
Upsets...who picked 'em -- 

Three years in a row we've had a first day of games without a significant upset. American U looked ready to knock off Villanova, but they and all of the other heavy underdogs all failed in their quest.

The closest thing we had to an upset was #12 Western Kentucky (The Hilltoppers) over the #5 Illini of Illinois. Considering 180 of you had that one right, it's a stretch to call that one an upset. Did you happen to see the mascot for WKU? He, she, it, whatever...is FANTASTIC. If you missed "Big Red", there are many pictures available on the interwebs: http://tinyurl.com/dbf7pj

----------------------
Shout Outs 
where I pseudo-randomly (by which I mean not randomly at all) give a shout out to one or many of you, my loyal pool contestants.

This first Shout Out is going not to a pool contestant, but to an actual player in the tournament. While his Alabama State team did not win the silly "play-in" game the NCAA has to determine the final team in the field of 64, his name gains him immediate appointment to the All-Time All-Name team, joining such past players as Fennis Dembo and Godd Shamgodd. I give you, standing 7-foot 1-inch tall, starting ASU center Grlenntys Chief Kickingstallionsims Jr.!

For me it's the "jr." that really makes that name. Poetry...and Mein Gott, that means there's a Grlenntys Chief Kickingstallionsims Sr.!!

----------------------
Mailbag

From dedicated candy seeker and dear pal Carrie O'Boyle, her musings on the 3 Musketeers Bar, or rather ANYONE WHO MIGHT DARE CHOOSE ONE:
"If someone asks for a 3 Musketeers, they might automatically be removed from my friends list. (Not just on Facebook, but my real friends list. I have one you know.) Lamest candy bar ever. Who wants to eat all nougat? Not me, that's for sure." 

Want to be friends with Carrie? Choose wisely.

Send me funny things! I just might print them! When you get published in a JQMCBP email, it's like you've finally made it*  
mailto:jqmcbp@gmail.com

*it
Pronunciation: \ˈit\ 
Function: noun 
Date: 1842
: the player in a game who performs the principal action of the game (as trying to find others in hide-and-seek)

You're it!

----------------------
Whose champion bit it? -- 

Sometimes you win, sometimes you lose, but it never sucks worse than when the team you picked to win it all loses it all. It's even worse when I publish it for all to read!

American: Georgia Shwaiko
Binghamton: Reesa Karamanski
Butler: Henry Nichols
Akron: Christy Reed, 
Illinois: Jay Wulkowicz*, Zach Delker, Zane Sabbert
Chattanooga: allen witt 
Mississippi St: Robert Crawford
Northern Iowa: Paula Shwaiko

* JQMCBP XI Champion

----------------------
Boo Rah Rah --

I asked you if your alma mater was in the tournament. Why? So I could make fun of you when they lose!

Minnesota: Robert C Braun, Mark Largent, John 'Curly Wurly' Flaa, Robyn Lauritsen, Dave Lyons, Amy Lyons, Chris Young, Michelle R Young, Heather Helen Reece, Aaron Borchardt
Akron: Mike Shanahan, Matt Lowdermilk, Doug Gilbert, Dustin
Illinois: David Kooser, Tim Rush, Chris Marquette, Michael Nommensen, Sarah Odeh, Mitch Pickens, Scott 'This is my year' Sabbert, Max Payne, Becky 'enter something cool here' Sabbert, Mary Herrmann, Dawn Schmitt
Brigham Young: Shae Lorenc, Serge Martinez, Corbitt Mizell
Mississippi St: Teresa Bryan, Joe Bowers
Northern Iowa: Christian 'Charby' Charbonneaux, Jason, Deanne Busta
California: Alex Frangos, Rod Harl

Four alums of Akron! Oh Akron Zips, I hardly knew ye!

----------------------
Fun With Data -- 

660 entries this year marks the first participant decline in the history of JQMCBP. In these troubled economic times, however, it is important to manage expectations and realize that consumers need to make hard decisions before investing in something as risky as a completely free candy bar pool. Oddly, my marketing budget of BIG FAT NOTHING has remained steady for 14 years, so while my inclination is to always blame the marketing department (typically a good strategy), it's hard to place blame there. As a result of the decline, JQMCBP's parent corporation, Slaptronics Personal Massage Therapy and Self Help Video Distribution Corporation of Netherland Antilles (nasdaq:SPMTSHVDCNA) was down 29% in after market trading.

http://benklaas.com/jqmcbp/graphs/entries_yeartoyear.png

----------------------
Candy Bar of the Day --
where I single out one or two of my favorite candy selections

The I-Must-Google-This-Now Award

Eric Nordin from Canada (sportsman's paradise), for choosing Mo's Bacon Bar. Wait a minute...chocolate AND bacon? Is such a synergy possible? I must google this. Now.

Look no further than the adrenaline-infused needcoffee.com for this huh-it-really-isn't-ficticious candy bar:
http://www.needcoffee.com/2008/10/13/mos-bacon-bar-review/

----------------------
Enough with the crap, who's ahead? -- 

Ah, the normal distribution. Ain't it grand? With 660 entries, you can still count on only a few people rising to the top after only a short time. Congrats to Jason "whatchamacallit" Howland and Tim "Cadbury Flake Bar" Thomas for successfully flipping coins with perfect accuracy.

Rank	Name		Location	Candybar	Champion	Score
1	Jason Howland	Oregon	whatchamacallit	North Carolina	16	
1	Tim Thomas	Michigan	Cadbury Flake Bar	North Carolina	16	
3	Alissa Long	Washington	Bar None	Pittsburgh	15	
3	Andrew gyorke	Michigan	clark bar	Pittsburgh	15	
3	Angie Mowery	Iowa	O'Henry	North Carolina	15	
3	Bill 'Where's Dominic James' McGrail	Michigan	Jumbo Mike and Ike Original (Not that tropical fruit junk)	North Carolina	15	
3	Billy Reece	Wisconsin	Big Box of Nerds	Oklahoma	15	
3	chris gayler	California	100 Grand	Louisville	15	
3	D Koch	Michigan	M & M's	North Carolina	15	
3	Dave Birkett	Michigan	3 musketeers	North Carolina	15	
3	Henry	Washington	Abba Zabba	North Carolina	15	
3	Hook Em Horns	Arizona	Coffee Crisp	Kansas	15	
3	Jay Beery	Michigan	Heath Bar	Louisville	15	
3	Joe Bowers	Wisconsin	King Size Snickers	North Carolina	15	
3	Kevin Quinn	Massachusetts	Caramello	North Carolina	15	
3	Matt MacDonell	Michigan	PayDay	Louisville	15	
3	Michael Carcone	Michigan	Abba Zabba	North Carolina	15	
3	Mike Thicksten	Illinois	Eye Candy	Pittsburgh	15	
3	Miss Martha	Michigan	Heath bar	Michigan St	15	
3	Riley Delker	Maryland	Giant Snickers	Michigan St	15	
3	Rob Meilinger	Michigan	Toblerone (the big one)	Connecticut	15	
3	Scott Westhoff	California	Cadbury Egg	Connecticut	15	
3	Todd Dankers	Colorado	Heath Bar	Pittsburgh	15	
3	Tristan Casey	California	Kit Kat	Villanova	15	
3	Zoran Sabbert	Missouri	Peanut M&Ms	Louisville	15	

Top Chimps

Josephine the Chimp had a perfect run going until the last two games of the day, allowing Alex and Marvin to catch up to her. Early results show that the distribution of scores are *exactly* as you'd expect for randomly selected brackets: http://benklaas.com/jqmcbp/graphomatic/chimp_histogram.png

Rank	Name	Candy	Score
1	Alex the Chimp	Banana Moon Pie		14
1	Josephine the Chimp	Banana Moon Pie	14
1	Marvin the Chimp	Banana Moon Pie	14
4	Cedric the Chimp	Banana Moon Pie	13
4	Joslyn the Chimp	Banana Moon Pie		13
4	Kane the Chimp	Banana Moon Pie		13
4	Lindsey the Chimp	Banana Moon Pie	13
4	Makayla the Chimp	Banana Moon Pie		13
4	Raul the Chimp	Banana Moon Pie		13
4	Yuliana the Chimp	Banana Moon Pie		13

cheers,
the Meister
cc: Grlenntys Chief Kickingstallionsims Jr.
cc: Grlenntys Chief Kickingstallionsims Sr.
-------------------
