I was watching the JQMCBP leaderboard pretty closely Thursday and Friday nights (which is kind of obvious, since I'm the one entering the results). The top 25 shuffled around quite a bit as the games progressed, with several different people in the #1 spot. After the games ended Friday night, however, we were left with exactly the same leader as when the round started, Christopher LeVasseur.

But who's still in it? The RtT (Run the Table) statistic, the maximum possible points possible left for a given player, become pretty useful at this point. Christopher is still in it, for sure. In the #2 spot is David "My Boss" Myers, who has the highest RtT of all 722 players @ 129. Both have Kentucky as their champion. If Kentucky marches on to the championship as expected, how it shakes out between them will largely depend on how things break over the weekend. Aside from Kentucky, their remaining brackets are not too similar.

Beyond that, let's take a look at those with the best shot based on their pick of champion.
	Craig Papa "Not My Papa" D has the highest score amongst those that picked North Carolina
	Todd Campbell is the top Syracuse backer
	Geoff "Sour Skittles" of California is looking the strongest amongst Ohio State supporters
	Fatty "you really entered the pool with this name?" Stinky leads the Kansas loyal.
	Sitting in 101st place is CJ Hewitt, but if Baylor pulls it off, CJ could end up on top of the heap
	Only 2 people picked Florida to go all the way. I don't think Jeffrey "68 chimps are beating me" Bunch has a chance to come all the way back from 699th place. Kevin Huntsman, on the other hand, probably will win the whole thing if the underdog Gators win it all.
	If Louisville wins the title, there are several candidates from the pool that might ascend to #1. The inside track goes to Justin LaManna with an RtT of 119, but Herman "thank god the unimaginable misery is over" Weiss (yes, that's really how he entered; he's a big JQMCBP fan), sitting in 330th place, still might not be out of it.

----------------------
Upsets...who picked 'em -- 

Now that we're down to 8 teams, there's nothing quite so crazy this year as the VCU and George Mason's of past tournaments, but Florida is a 7 seed, so I guess that qualifies as an upset. 42 had the Gators advancing this far.

Florida:  Adam Keyser, Amy McLanahan, Blake Cundick, Brenda Ochs, catherine loves a king size candy bar brozowski, Christopher LeVasseur, Clare Van Selow, Colin TheBold Klaas, Craig Papa D, Craig-O Wadzinske, Dave Lyons, David 'Crusher' Lucas, David Myers, Eric Blaha, Erin 'Kit Kat' Delargy, Frank C, Geoff, Henry Abraham Reece, Izaak Sawyer, Jeffrey Bunch, Jennifer Gooding, Jesse Eisenberg, Jim 'Let's instead bet on the America's Cup races' Soriano, Joe Hoag, John Geis, Jon Blake, Keegan Fisher-Ives, Kevin Huntsman, Kristen Sievert, Larry F Ochs, Lea Adams, Madison Dyal, Marc Tardiff, Mark Largent, Matt Gill, Michael, Noam Hurwitz, Peter James, Peter wojcik, Sarah VD, Stella Van Houten, Suzanne Scott, Trey White

----------------------
Shout Outs 

I was almost going to give a shout out to two members of the University of Wisconsin statewide system, one at UW-Stout and one based in Madison, who called each other on the phone for official UW business and figured out they were both entered in the JQMCBP. This is a true and awesome story, but as I was crafting this account for this email, my wonderful 6-year-old daughter Piper Dare "Pure Energy" Klaas comes into the room and engages me, nay assails me, with this:

Piper Dare Klaas: "Daddy, I'm bored. I want to get a dog. Can we get a dog?"
The Meister (distracted, trying to write this email): "What, today?" (this was a big mistake, answering her question, particularly because I answered her ambiguously)
Piper Dare Klaas: "Yeah, today. Really? Can we get a dog? Or a hamster? Can we get a turtle today? Can we get a turtle today? Pleeeeease? Dada. Da-da. DA-DA. DADDY! Really, I won't ask you for that water bottle again if you get me a pet. That's what I'll do. Yep, that's what I'll do. Please can we get a turtle? PLEEEEASE. I won't ask you ever again for that water bottle if you get us a turtle. And a tank. Just answer me. Daddy, are you going to answer me? I want a turtle. Please with cheese and sprinkles on it pleeeeeease."

And she's doing all of this while wearing a headlamp and shining it directly in my eyes. And simultaneously jumping on the bed.

Also, cheese and sprinkles?

So, shout out to you Piper. I'll let everyone know if we end this day with a turtle.

----------------------
Mailbag

--
From: Ethan 'Go Green' Ray 
To: The Meister
	
Dear Ben "No Ass in" Klaas:

I thought it over and I am unable to forgive you.

Even though the return of the JQMCBP this year has been "enjoyable"
your selfish action of denying us the JQMCBP over the past few years
is inexcusable.

Really, Ben - who will think of the children?  Stop thinking of
yourself and all your work "troubles."  I'm generalizing here, but I
speak for everyone when I say that none of us care.  Your selfish
actions have denied almost one billion people the opportunity to enter
the JQMCBP.  Think long and hard of the misery you've caused.

On a happier note, Michigan and Duke lost and my Spartans will win it all.

BFF,
Ethan "Go Green" Ray

(redacted: link to Iron Maiden video for the "song" "Wasted Years")
--
To: Everyone
From: The Meister

On an even happier note, the Spartans just lost (see next section)
--

----------------------
Whose champion bit it? -- 

Adios, Sparty-lovers.

Michigan State: Mark Largent, Sue Ray, Robin Fitzgerald, Zachary Klaas, Patrick Bell, Daniel Riggins, Theresa L. White, Joel Davis, Brenda Ochs, Tarpo, Cousin Jones, Barbie Hoag, Suzanne Scott, Danielle 'Caramel' Bates, Richard Szabo, Fielding Yost, Natalie Weir, Lesley Hogg, Ben Glime, Kelli Strom, Kim Clexton, Mike Brown, Todd Sieve, Mike Brace, Deb V., Bar Low, Jason Hermanson, bruce blake, Phil Horvath, Pete Arvant, Blachford, Brian, jennifer taylor, Michael Meister, myron Danielson, Mike Riggins, Ethan 'Go Green' Ray, Izaak Sawyer, William Arvant, Beth J., Anna Arvant, Liam McGrail, Lochlain McGrail, Jane MC, El Dub, Camden Johnson, Dayton McGrail, john montzingo, Christian Sander, lauren w., Lisa LaGrou, Meghan Ross, Michael Nommensen, Meredith Jones, Mitch Pickens, Becky Sabbert, Rennie Anderson, Matt Suomi, Maxwell Derminer, Chimp Beater, Jenni Thomas, Cris Osier, Jerry Schmitt, Darren Spiece, Kristen Sievert, Eddie Deevine, Robert Wilke, Jeremy Farr, Michael Riggins, Kurt Doescher, Trey White, Kathy (Mom) Westerlund, Kerie, Jeff Ross, Kerie, May White, Rick Ross, Patrick O'Boyle, Chris Horoschak, Brian Fitzpatrick, Go Vandy!, W. Carlisle, andrew gyorke, Scott Chesky, Jenny Rupe, Tina Ferreter, Christie Schmidt, jennifer johnson, Theo Chungath, Julie Fitzpatrick, jim walker, Matt MacDonell, Ben Wadzinski, Peg Meagher, Figgy Pudding White, Cate Whelan, Piper Winterfront, Dan Gates, Scott Ryan, Tom Hoag, Sir Marius Dumas, Maggie Gates, Sam Niyo, Margaret Wadzinske, Joe Hoag, Drew Roop, Cindy Arvant, Daddy Roop, Lorie Dankers, Michelle Housenga, Dustin Ramoie, Kathleen Mojzak, Gary Bahr, Ryan Quinn, David manson, David manson, Capt Project, Kelly Shannon, Nick MacDonell, Peter wojcik, Damon Portwood, Michelle Mondoux, Jenni Thomas, Leon Pasternak, Adam Dryden, Heather Helen Reece, Peyton Wilson Reece, Sir Gatsby Scotchbutt, Elliebelle, Nate Hafer, Todd Dankers, Beth Sweetart Dryden, Green Stoolieo, Mark Harris, Steve Carlson, Kate Van Houten, Sara Van Houten, catherine loves a king size candy bar brozowski

Marquette: Ryan Brady, curtis stalter, Sam Calvert, Kevin Nolan, Marion Brfown , Heartie White, Ellen Gifford, Emily Balsley, Lizzie

Indiana: Henry Nichols, G-Dot, Priscila Doi, Daniel Rozek

Wisconsin: Craig-O Wadzinske, Erin Wenz

----------------------
Boo Rah Rah --

Surprisingly, all eight losers from Thursday and Friday represented alma maters of JQMCBP participants, including one each from Xavier, Ohio, NC State, and Cincinnati. The Badgers are out, which I might refer to as "my Badgers", as I am a graduate of that fine institution, but have you seen them play? SO BORING. If it were up to me that Bo Ryan head coach guy with his defense-first-slow-it-down-offense-omg-i-am-falling-asleep strategy would be outta there and replaced with someone with a bit more panache. For example, I hear Mike D'Antoni's available.

So much representation of Sparty Pants Michigan State. I'd be suprised, but clearly the admissions policies are pretty wide open there-- they let someone named "Sweats!!!", as well as Colt Seavers aka 'Sweats', as well as apparently two Alex Zucco's.

Michigan State: Mark Largent, Sue Ray, Barbie Hoag, Danielle 'Caramel' Bates, Natalie Weir, Anna Weir, Ben Glime, Kim Clexton, Bill Crandall, Bar Low, Alex Zucco, Alex Zucco, Leigh Keiper, Blachford, Brian, Ethan 'Go Green' Ray, Eric Gifford, Darren Spiece, Annie Hoag, Kristin Gifford, rick hambrick, Kathy (Mom) Westerlund, Rick Ross, Patrick O'Boyle, Brian Fitzpatrick, andrew gyorke, Michael Carcone, Kurt Kedzierzawski, Pat koch, Julie Fitzpatrick, Dan Gates, Tom Hoag, Sir Marius Dumas, Cindy Arvant, Daddy Roop, Colt Seavers aka 'Sweats', Ryan Quinn, David manson, David manson, Dean J Stanton, Tracy Schachern, Capt Project, Kelly Shannon, Peter wojcik, Bar Lower, Damon Portwood, Rick Shepich, Beth Sweetart Dryden, Green Stoolieo, Christopher LeVasseur, Sweats!!!!  ORLC

Wisconsin: Ben Klaas, Todd Krueger, Mark Larson, MariSpontaneity Karamanski, Joel Rondeau, john montzingo, Kevin Quinn, Glen 'The Big G' Volkman, Ronald Bookholder, Rob Danek, Steve Danek, Joel 'Real Entry' Rondeau, grayslake falcon, jacob shwaiko, Marty Dickrell, Paul Wadzinske, Brian Hutchinson, John McCartney, Wendy Volkman, Emily Balsley, Tom 'Tom' Wadzinski, Erin Wenz, Greg Wenz, Tracy Glenz

Marquette: curtis stalter, Bill McGrail, Kevin Nolan, Karen McCartney, joe reutter, Matt MacDonell, Ryan Ruzziconi

Indiana: Michael Meister, Mike Riggins, Sarah VD, G-Dot, Michael Riggins, Priscila Doi, Chris Hambrick Hambrick, Joe Stevens, Jeff J$ Klimala

Xavier: Jenny Rupe
Ohio: Tina Ferreter
NC State: Chris Long
Cincinnati: Steve Fink


----------------------
Candy Bar of the Day --

After my "who is still in it analysis", I thought I'd root for the underdog Herman "thank god the unimaginable misery is over" Weiss. Then I took a look at his candy bar.

The Seth Rogan That Is A Really Nasty Thing To Call Candy But Go On Eat It Srsly Eat It Ya Wussy Award goes to Herman "thank god the unimaginable misery is over" Weiss, for his selection of "Candy Blood Bag".

And in case you were wondering, yes, it really exists:
http://www.amazon.com/World-Confection-Inc-Candy-Blood/dp/B0042F1BPM?tag=duckduckgo-d-20

----------------------
Enough with the crap, who's ahead? -- 

People:
Rank	Name		Location	Candybar	Champion	Score
1	Christopher LeVasseur	Michigan	Heath Bar	Kentucky	74	
2	Craig Papa D	Michigan	Pay Day	North Carolina	73	
2	David Myers	Minnesota	Heath Bar	Kentucky	73	
4	Rod Beard	Michigan	Almond Joy	Kentucky	72	
5	David 'Crusher' Lucas	Washington	Hershet Bar	Kentucky	71	
5	Todd Campbell	Michigan	Toblerone	Syracuse	71	
7	Bob Sansgaard	Iowa	Skittles	North Carolina	70	
7	chris gayler	California	Take 5	Kentucky	70	
7	El De Sedge	New York	King Size Snikers!	Kentucky	70	
7	Geoff	California	Sour Skittles	Ohio State	70	
7	Jack&Jules Wenz	Minnesota	Milky Way King Size	North Carolina	70	
7	Joe Bowers	Wisconsin	King Size Snickers	Kentucky	70	
7	Julie Fitzpatrick	Michigan	Baby Ruth	Michigan State	70	
7	Kelli Taylor	Utah	Valomilk	Syracuse	70	
7	Marc Tardiff	Indiana	Reese's Cups	Ohio State	70	
7	Matt Murdock	Washington	Snickers	Kentucky	70	
7	Noam Hurwitz	California	Almond Joy	Duke	70	
7	Tony Edwards	California	King size snickers	Kentucky	70	

Chimps:
Logan has overtaken Nikhil, but it's a very tight race. I might add that the top 10 chimp brackets here are ALL beating my own bracket. Good times.
Rank	Name		Location	Candybar	Champion	Score
1	Logan the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Gonzaga	53	
2	Nikhil the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Indiana	52	
3	Alana the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Temple	50	
3	Hayden the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Missouri	50	
5	Gianna the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Kentucky	49	
5	Micheal the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Wisconsin	49	
5	Patience the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Wichita State	49	
8	Perry the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Wichita State	48	
9	Angelica the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Davidson	47	
9	Janet the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Saint Louis	47	
9	Tamya the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Saint Louis	47	

Celebs:
In the celebrity bracket, Obama maintains his lead, but the odds-on favorite to win it all, Kentucky, is LeBron's pick in 4th place. It might not be enough though...16 points are awarded for picking the champion, while LeBron trails Obama by 18 points. And we all know how well LeBron does at the end of games.

Rank	Name		Location	Candybar	Champion	Score
1	President Barack Obama	District of Columbia	Four More Years Bar	North Carolina	70	
2	Jesse Eisenberg	California	Whatchamacallit	North Carolina	63	
3	Aisha Tyler	California	Heath Bar	North Carolina	56	
4	LeBron James	Florida	King Size Choke Cherry Jawbreaker	Kentucky	52	
5	Sir Nick Faldo	International	Cadbury Milk Bar	Kentucky	51	
6	David Feherty	International	Nutter Putter	Baylor	48	
7	Dick Vitale	North Carolina	Ritalin Bar	Kentucky	45	
8	Justin Verlander	Michigan	Tiger's Milk Bar	Michigan State	41	

cheers,
the Meister
-------------------
