Going into this weekend's Final Four there are 5 still with a chance at the candy:

chris "take 5" gayler wins if Kenutcky wins the championship
BartmanMN "kirby puckett bar" wins if Kansas wins the championship
Justin "reese's peanut butter cup" LaManna wins if Louisville wins the championship
Marc "reese's cups" Tardiff wins if Ohio State beats Louisville in the final
and finally
Mike "Giant Toblerone" Shanahan wins, jumping all the way up from 21st place, if Ohio State beats Kentucky in the final 

I'm rooting strongly against Kansas this coming weekend, simply because getting a Kirby Puckett bar is going to a bit of a chore.

To the remaining 717 of you, apologies on your tragic disappoinment. I'd say better luck next year, but the odds will be heavily against you again. 

----------------------
Upsets...who picked 'em -- 

44 bravely chose Louisville to get this far.

Louisville:  Aisha Tyler, Amy Uken, BartmanMN, Bob Topel, Brenda, Chris Charbonneaux, chris gayler, Darby Niyo, David 'Crusher' Lucas, David Feherty, David Ullman, David Wright, Diane Walkusky, Doug Eakins, Doug Eakins, Elizabeth Ryan, Fatty Stinky, Herman 'thank god the unimaginable misery is over' Weiss , jacob shwaiko, Jamie Watson, Janine Klaas, Jared Elfvin, Jim Marten, John Geis, John Varesi, Julie 'Mother of Little Crusher' Smith, Justin LaManna, Lea Adams, Marc Tardiff, mary turnipseed, Matt Englehart, Nicki Bowers, Noam Hurwitz, Patrick Connolly, Rebecca Zimmer, Scott Mortimer, serge martinez, Sneaky Webster, Steve Danek, Steve Englehart, Todd Campbell, Tony Edwards, Trey Joseph, Tristan Casey

----------------------
Whose champion bit it? -- 

159 of you lost your chosen champion over the weekend. A couple for Florida, a handful for Baylor, a few dozen for Syracuse, and a crapton for North Carolina.

Florida: Jeffrey Bunch, Kevin Huntsman

Baylor: Sal Tong, Angela Doyle Hewitt, CJ Hewitt, alex wheels, Sam Hoag, Jed Durkin

Syracuse: allen witt, Lisa Dunn, Erin Sue, Jason Glime, Elizabeth Ryan, Rollie Empizo, Jim Parker, Greg Castle, Joe Mehlhoff, Todd Campbell, Brenda VB, Hal Norman, Debbie Taylor, Joel Rondeau, Alex Ross, Betsy 'Snickers' Ross, Rahul, Liz McHalpine, Jason Busta, Amanda Blake, William Morrison, steve morando, Eddie Deevine, Joe Bro, Derek Bier, Craig moccio, alex wheels, Brett 'Cal' Callison, Nick DiGirolomo, Diane Walkusky, Tim Hoelscher, Steve Fink, Elsie Blanchette, Josh Nisenson, Bob Cory, PWest, Ed Myers, Kelli Taylor, Joe Nichols, Sneaky Webster, carly thaler, Scott McLaughlin, Bill Hess, Teresa Dixon, Liz McHalpine, Michael Ferreter, Blake Cundick, Tracy Schachern, Amy Uken, Annie Rhoades

North Carolina: Charlotte Wadzinski, Steve White, Chris Charbonneaux, Gregory J. White II, Will Mason, Jeff Chungath, Patrick Connolly, Brent Dakin, mary turnipseed, Todd Bennett, Dawn Balistreri, Scott Boniface, Jon Blake, Michael, Tom westhoff, Traci (this is like picking lotto numbers for me) Nies, Dan Hoops, Lance Van Houten, Soren Van Houten, Bob Sansgaard, Alex Zucco, Alex Zucco, Steven White, Ken Mills, MariSpontaneity Karamanski, Jon Schettler, Bryan Romig, Will Scott, Rob Reed, Rowan Elisabeth Klaas, Joe Cislo, Kevin Quinn, WSJ Strikes, PopKlaas, Big Mac, Steve Bausch, Rod Harl, Bret Malkowski, Andy Calvert, Matt 'Pre-School classmate of Ben' Smalling, kim coffey, Michael Collins, Clare Van Selow, Wolsiertans, Tim Thomas, Alex '5lb Holiday Hersheys' Dexter, Phillip Gussman, Beth Norberg, Jim Marten, Bob Sansgaard, Derek Roesti, Annie Hoag, Zane Sabbert, Tim Hoffman, Deb V., Tim Hoffman, grayslake falcon, Jeb Byers, Candy Chatawanich , Annette Boehlje, Dan Clark, Joe Highbarger, Diane Michael, TC Runner, Chris Daigh, Jim Doyle, Martha Carlos, Kristopher Nordstrom, Hunter S. Lenihan, Hunter S. Lenihan, Chris Hutchinson, Sarah Boyd, David Smalling, Amish Das, Frangie, Abby Chungath , Mike Askren, Eva Witt, Howard Johnson, Conor Whelan, Darby Niyo, J Wadz, Matt Englehart, Deanne, Maggie MacDonell, Kate Bronstein, Linda Knight, Rob Meilinger, Amy Flaa, Jack&Jules Wenz, Craig Papa D, Fernando Leyva, Matt Gill, Chris 'Milk Shake' Hollingshead, Barbara Orzel, Mike 'Abba Zabba' Ford, Jeff Kopaska, Dave McHalpine, Chris Goodwin, Josh Carlson, Colin TheBold Klaas

----------------------
Boo Rah Rah --

I wonder if, years down the line, when Like_White_On_Rice makes his/her fortune on oil futures/dog racing, he/she will endow a faculty position and/or stadium in Waco for Baylor University. "Ladies and Gentlemen, live from the Like_White_On_Rice Enormodome, delivering the ceremonial coin toss, The Like_White_On_Rice Professor of Nutritional Science*, Urquart P Urquart!"

Florida: Jeffrey Bunch, Kevin Huntsman

Baylor: Like_White_On_Rice

North Carolina: Hunter S. Lenihan, Hunter S. Lenihan, Allison Holifield

Syracuse: Jason Ribits, Liz McHalpine, Fabricio De Melo, Liz McHalpine

* Ironically, Dr. Urquart's major contribution to the field was his/her seminal paper on the positive health benefits of brown rice.
----------------------
Candy Bar of the Day --

Erin 'It's Pronounced With a Long O Sound' Hogg, for her selection of Japanese Crunky, as well as her detailed nickname-used-as-last-name-pronounciation-guide. Ben 'No ass in Klaas' Klaas can relate. According to candyaddict.com, Japanese Crunky "keeps you crunked up".

Japanese Crunky, delicious milk chocolate with rice puff, is not to be confused with Albanian Crunky, an interrogation technique outlawed in 1932 by the Geneva Convention, or with Cameroonian Crunky, a popular series of childrens books involving a jovial clown from Western Africa.

----------------------
Enough with the crap, who's ahead? -- 

A solid run for "Crusher"s and "Relatives of Crusher"s, but alas there are no Crushers in the running for the candy
People:
Rank	Name		Location	Candybar	Champion	Score
1	chris gayler	California	Take 5	Kentucky	94	
2	BartmanMN	Minnesota	Kirby Puckett bar	Kansas	93	
3	Christopher LeVasseur	Michigan	Heath Bar	Kentucky	92	
4	David 'Crusher' Lucas	Washington	Hershet Bar	Kentucky	89	
4	Steve Englehart	Michigan	Take Five	Kentucky	89	
6	Marc Tardiff	Indiana	Reese's Cups	Ohio State	88	
7	Justin LaManna	Wisconsin	REESE'S Peanut Butter Cup	Louisville	87	
7	Peter wojcik	Michigan	Snickers	Michigan State	87	
9	Matt Suomi	Minnesota	1 caramel, stolen.	Michigan State	86	
10	Julie 'Mother of Little Crusher' Smith	Washington	Milk Duds	Kentucky	85	
10	lauren w.	Maryland	skor	Michigan State	85	

Chimps:
Logan continues to hold on to the lead, but he will be overtaken in the end by a chimp that didn't pick Gonzaga.
Rank	Name		Location	Candybar	Champion	Score
1	Logan the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Gonzaga	65	
2	Gianna the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Kentucky	61	
2	Roy the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Harvard	61	
4	Jailyn the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	UNLV	57	
5	Rhett the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	VCU	55	
5	Shayne the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Ohio State	55	
5	Zoey the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Gonzaga	55	
8	Perry the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Wichita State	54	
9	Janet the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Saint Louis	53	
9	Tamya the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Saint Louis	53	

Celebs:
The UNC loss doesn't quite mean that President Obama is out of it, but a Kentucky win will put either LeBron or Nick Faldo as inagural celebrity champion. I'm beating Dick Vitale by 1 point. Just thought I'd say that.
Rank	Name		Location	Candybar	Champion	Score
1	President Barack Obama	District of Columbia	Four More Years Bar	North Carolina	82	
2	Jesse Eisenberg	California	Whatchamacallit	North Carolina	69	
3	Aisha Tyler	California	Heath Bar	North Carolina	68	
4	LeBron James	Florida	King Size Choke Cherry Jawbreaker	Kentucky	64	
5	Sir Nick Faldo	International	Cadbury Milk Bar	Kentucky	63	
6	David Feherty	International	Nutter Putter	Baylor	54	
7	Dick Vitale	North Carolina	Ritalin Bar	Kentucky	51	
8	Justin Verlander	Michigan	Tiger's Milk Bar	Michigan State	41	

cheers,
the Meister
-------------------
