Welcome to JQMCBP XV! After a two-year hiatus, it's good to be back. 

For the veterans, I'm sure you've missed me as much as I've missed me. Wait, that didn't come out right.

For the rookies:
What I do is send out email updates (personalized just for your entry!) several times during the course of the tournament. I go on and on and on over seemingly meaningless minutia. It might seem meaningless but...well okay, it's meaningless. But we'll have fun, or your money back.*

In addition to the emails, there's lots of important, vital resources available with your web browser. Check out the links at the bottom of the email or head to http://benklaas.com/jqmcbp/leaderboard.cgi as a jumping off point.

* Refund applications need to be filed in triplicate and mailed to the Johnny Quest Memorial Candy Bar Pool Customer Service Department, care of its Parent Corporation, Slaptronics Personal Massage Therapy and Self Help Video Distribution Corporation of Netherland Antilles (nasdaq:SPMTSHVDCNA). Or you could contact your congressperson, which will give you a similar outcome.

----------------------
NEW THIS YEAR: Celebrities!

This is President Obama's 2nd JQMCBP, but this time he's brought along a bunch of other famous people. Along with the Prez, playing this year are:
	* Dick Vitale (Basketball Analyst, Zen Master)
	* LeBron James (Basketball Player, Florida Beach Enthusiast)
	* Sir Nick Faldo (Golfer, Knight)
	* Aisha Tyler (Actress, Co-Founder of Acapella group The Dartmouth Rockapellas)
	* Jesse Eisenberg (Mark Zuckerbug impersonator, Voice of Blu the Parrot in Rio, Zombie Killer in Zombieland*)
	* Justin Verlander (American League Cy Young Award Winner, American League Most Valuable Player, and near as I can tell a really a terrible NCAA bracket selector)
	* David Feherty (Golf Analyst with often legendary quotes, including this one about his celebrity competitor "I am sorry Nick Faldo couldn't be here this week. He is attending the birth of his next wife." Bazinga!)

There would be more celebrities, but I actually hand entered all of these brackets (which were found elsewhere on the interwebs). Sorry, Nick Lachey, you were next, but I ran out of steam. Better luck next time. You should attempt a meaningful career in the interim.

I haven't decided what I'm going to do with these characters yet, but feel free to add them to your filters and feel like you are having a brush with greatness, or in the case of Justin Verlander, a brush with a 96mph fastball.

* Zombieland is a really great movie, by the way. If you like hilarious zombie movies. Which I do. Who doesn't? And remember, *always* remember the zombie rules, especially cardio and the double tap http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zombieland#The_rules

----------------------
Upsets...who picked 'em -- 

UNC Asheville played Syracuse tight until about 2 minutes left in the game, and that would have been a historical upset (16 over 1 has never happened). The Jackrabbits of South Dakota State also failed to live up to the hype of Best Mascot in the Tournament and failed to pull the upset over 3 seed Baylor. In the end, the only "upset" was Virginia Commonwealth knocking off Wichita State, but anyone that watched the tournament last year should not be surprised about VCU and coach Shaka "Khan" Smart. 225 of JQMCBPers knew 

Tomorrow is another day. GO LEHIGH MOUNTAIN HAWKS!*

* Up until 1995 Lehigh University were known as the Lehigh Engineers. Why you'd ditch that mascot for a seemingly non-existent species of bird is beyond me. I'd get it if they wanted to change their name to, say, the Lehigh Software Engineers, but Mountain Hawks? Nah.

----------------------
Shout Outs 
where I pseudo-randomly (by which I mean not randomly at all) give a shout out to one or many of you, my loyal pool contestants.

Josh "Pete" Littrell gave me a call on my cell phone this afternoon specifically asking for this "shout out". So today, my shout out goes to none other than LITTLE NEKO MORANDO, who not only is one of the most wee of all entrants, but also the most daring. With a J-factor of 59.82 (http://benklaas.com/jqmcbp/whatsyourj.cgi), she's not one to shy away from the hard-to-make picks. Her champion? The Alabama Crimson Tide, who I'm betting she picked because her marine biologist mother told her was quite fearsome*.

* okay, some explanation here. A red tide is a bloom of dinoflagellates that causes reddish discoloration of coastal ocean waters. Certain dinoflagellates of the genus Gonyamlax produce toxins that kill fish and contaminate shellfish. YEAH! I KNOW! IF THAT ISN'T THE SCARIEST MASCOT I DON'T KNOW WHAT IS**. WATER THAT KILLS FISH. THAT IS TERRIFYING. 

** I've just done some further research and learned that the Crimson Tide is not in fact supposed to be a bloom of dinoflagellates but actually was first coined as a metaphor for the plucky play of Alabama during a 1908 football game against rival Auburn played in a heap of red mud. How disappointing, dinoflagellates are way more formidable then a bunch of guys slopping around in the mud.

----------------------
Mailbag

from my Canadian* brother Zak, on the Harvard Crimson (Not Tide)'s loss:

___

Fight fiercely, Harvard, fight, fight, fight,
Demonstrate to them our skill,
Albeit they possess the might,
Nonetheless, we have the --

Oh, crap.  Never mind.
-Zak
___


Send me funny things! I just might print them! When you get published in a JQMCBP email, it's like you're a star, similar to TV's Aisha Tyler or Baseball's Justin Verlander!
mailto:jqmcbp@gmail.com

* the ultimate excuse for poor JQMCBP performance: What do you expect? I'M CANADIAN!**
** Eh! 

----------------------
Whose champion bit it? -- 

Sometimes you win, sometimes you lose, but it never sucks worse than when the team you picked to win it all loses it all. It's even worse when I publish it for all to read!

Connecticut: Brenda

Oh, Brenda, Brenda, Brenda. Brenda. You have the illustrious distinction of literally being the ONLY person to lose their champion on Day 1. Congratulations?

----------------------
Boo Rah Rah --

I asked you if your alma mater was in the tournament. Why? So I could make fun of you when they lose!

Colorado State: Steve Brown
Davidson: Ken Howard, SchnauzerDude, Meredith Hammons, Fernando Leyva
BYU: Shae Lorenc, Blake Cundick
Colorado State: Steve Brown
Connecticut: Sneaky Webster 
New Mexico State: David 'Crusher' Lucas, Julie 'Mother of Little Crusher' Smith, kim coffey, Fatty Stinky
Montana: Sue Robinson, Lindsay Morgan
Harvard: Andrew Moore, Josh Thaler
Loyola Maryland: Ken Mills
California: Alex Frangos, Rod Harl

----------------------
Fun With Data -- 

WOW did we almost make it to a record year. I was actually tracking this quite closely (because I'm a nerd), and the entries were on pace to break the record 728 entries from JQMCBP XIIV. But alas, we stalled out in the end and to quote Agent Maxwell Smart, "missed it by THAT much". 722 ain't bad though, and it exceeds the 2009 number by 62 entries, and exeeds 2010 and 2011 numbers by 728 and 728, respectively.

The graph don't lie
http://benklaas.com/jqmcbp/graphs/entries_yeartoyear.png

With a marketing budget of BIG FAT NOTHING, industry analysts are very bullish on JQMCBP and its parent corporation, Slaptronics Personal Massage Therapy and Self Help Video Distribution Corporation of Netherland Antilles (nasdaq:SPMTSHVDCNA). SPMTSHVDCNA shares were up 14% on heavy after market trading.

----------------------
Candy Bar of the Day --
where I single out one or two of my favorite candy selections

Dr. Thomas "Aufwuchs" Isenhart* has selected the Vosges Woolloomooloo bar. Is this a real candy bar, I wonder? Not only is it real, but he even spelled it correctly. I was sitting here trying to think up something to mock this choice, then I looked up a review of it. No mocking will be necessary:

Hemp seeds are the true secret weapon in this scrumptious bar packed with essential fatty acids vital to your body. Boost your vanity too, hemp oil will provide softer skin, stronger nails and thicker hair. Shine inside and out. Vosges exotic truffles are made from the finest ingredients of fered around the world. Owner or chocolateier, Katrina Markoff, personally chooses every spice, flower and chocolate that is flown into our Chicago kitchen. Katrina utilizes the original methods of French confectionery artistry which she learned during her training at le cordon bleu in Paris. Inspired by her global apprenticeships, Vosges truffles have exotic influences of an East meets West theme. The infusions of rare spices and flowers combined with premium chocolate give a delicate balance of flavor, leaving you with a layered and lingering sensation of spice and chocolate, a true haut chocolate experience. 

I am fairly certain after reading that description, that if I were to eat this candy bar, I would surely die from the sheer pretentiousness of it all.

* A member of "The Council of Nine", the original 1996 entrants of JQMCBP I
----------------------
Enough with the crap, who's ahead? -- 

For much of Day 1 we had a logjam at the top of multiple hundred people, but after a couple teams that weren't supposed to win actually won, the wonderful magic of the normal distribution did its job and a few players rose to the top. Congrats to Andy Glime and Nick Alverson, the only two players to go 16 for 16.
Rank	Name		Location	Candybar	Champion	Score
1	Andy Glime	Michigan	Whatchamcallit	Kentucky	16	
1	Nick Alverson	Iowa	Milky Way	Georgetown	16	
3	BartmanMN	Minnesota	Kirby Puckett bar	Kansas	15	
3	Beth Norberg	Montana	Peanut M & M's	North Carolina	15	
3	Billy Reece	Wisconsin	Big box of SPREE	Missouri	15	
3	Brent Swanson	Iowa	Milky Way	Kentucky	15	
3	Caroline Smith	Kansas	Snickers	Kansas	15	
3	CJ Hewitt	Iowa	snickers	Baylor	15	
3	Dave 'spank those monkeys' Cole	Colorado	Atomic Fire Balls	Kansas	15	
3	Dawn Schmitt	Wisconsin	King Size Peanut M & Ms	Kentucky	15	
3	Debbie Taylor	Michigan	Caramel Twix	Syracuse	15	
3	Ed Roach	Iowa	snickers	Kentucky	15	
3	Eddie Deevine	Hawaii	Snickers 'fun size'	Syracuse	15	
3	Emily Balsley	Wisconsin	Strawberry Eiffel Bon Bons	Marquette	15	
3	Greg Rhoades	Missouri	Frozen Snickers	Missouri	15	
3	Greg Wenz	Minnesota	Eat-More	Missouri	15	
3	Jared Elfvin	Illinois	Snickers	Kentucky	15	
3	John Flaa	Washington	Marathon	Ohio State	15	
3	Julie 'Mother of Little Crusher' Smith	Washington	Milk Duds	Kentucky	15	
3	Julie Fitzpatrick	Michigan	Baby Ruth	Michigan State	15	
3	Karlene Jennings	Virginia	Dark Chocolate Reese's Peanut Butter Cups	Missouri	15	
3	Kurt Doescher	Wisconsin	Butterfinger	Michigan State	15	
3	Linda Knight	Virginia	Hershey bars	North Carolina	15	
3	Matt D	Ohio	KITKAT	Kentucky	15	
3	Matt MacDonell	Wisconsin	Payday	Michigan State	15	
3	Matt Spohn	Colorado	Butterfinger	Kentucky	15	
3	Michael Maten	International	Twix	Kentucky	15	
3	Nick MacDonell	Wisconsin	Three Musketeers	Michigan State	15	
3	Sara Van Houten	Arizona	U-No Rich Chocolate Candy Bar	Michigan State	15	
3	Scott Ryan	Washington	Heath Bar	Michigan State	15	
3	Tracy Glenz	Wisconsin	Green & Black's 85% Dark Chocolate	Kentucky	15	
3	Wesley Davis	California	Ooo piece of candy! (Rollos)	Florida State	15	

But what aobut the chimps? Ah yes the 1000 Chimp Army. Amir and Ayanna are on the surface looking pretty good, having rolled the dice to 14 of 16 correct picks (ahem, 1 better than I could do with my basketball analysis "skillz"). Those two chimps have Belmont and St. Mary's as Kentucky's opponent in the Finals, so if one of those highly improbable teams should get that far, this will be the Year of the Chimp. Right now...not too worried.
Top Chimps
Rank	Name		Location	Candybar	Champion	Score
1	Amir the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Kentucky	14	
1	Ayanna the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Kentucky	14	
1	Gunner the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Texas	14	
4	Anna the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Notre Dame	13	
4	Antonia the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Marquette	13	
4	Craig the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Missouri	13	
4	Donte the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Murray State	13	
4	Kadin the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Norfolk State	13	
4	Kassidy the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	San Diego State	13	
4	Nikhil the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Indiana	13	
4	Shelby the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	New Mexico	13	
4	Victoria the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Cincinnati	13	

In the celebrity bracket, our Commander in Chief has risen to the top (and tied with Amir and Ayanna the Chimps!). Just behind him is David Feherty, wo would be tied for the lead if not for picking Connecticut. To quote David Feherty, that pick was "so far right of center Michael Moore could have written a documentary on it."
1	President Barack Obama	District of Columbia	Four More Years Bar	North Carolina	14	
2	David Feherty	International	Nutter Putter	Baylor	13	
3	Dick Vitale	North Carolina	Ritalin Bar	Kentucky	12	
3	Jesse Eisenberg	California	Whatchamacallit	North Carolina	12	
3	Justin Verlander	Michigan	Tiger's Milk Bar	Michigan State	12	
3	Sir Nick Faldo	International	Cadbury Milk Bar	Kentucky	12	
7	Aisha Tyler	California	Heath Bar	North Carolina	11	
7	LeBron James	Florida	King Size Choke Cherry Jawbreaker	Kentucky	11	

cheers,
the Meister
-------------------
