A short update tonight* to get you up to speed on how you are doing (the law of probability tells me that I have about a 67% chance of being correct by saying "somwhere in the middle").

* or should I say this morning

As you've all now clearly gathered, the JQMCBP is odd and zany and does not take itself seriously. But I do have a taste for seriously great photo journalism. I wanted to share with you all the best photo I've ever seen taken of a basketball game, which was taken earlier this year. Before advancing in years and suffering one too many back injuries, I played this great game and still love its elegant simplicity, the teamwork, the strategy. This photo so poigniantly captures that beauty...words do not it justice. Please take a minute to appreciate this fine work:

http://photos.al.com/birmingham-news/2012/02/21412_florida_alabama_19.html

----------------------
Upsets...who picked 'em -- 

Amazingly, almost the same amount of people picked Ohio, a virtual unknown, to make the Sweet Sixteen as Xavier, a scholl with some basketball pedigree. I call this the "Ohio? That's not the same as Ohio State?" Factor. If there's any doubt that Ohio is not the same as OSU, go back to your last email and watch that YouTube video. That should draw the line pretty clearly.

Xavier:  Adam Colaizzi, Alex Blom, Amy Uken, Arthur Rush, Barkan Family Candy Trust, Beth J., Brian Fitzpatrick, Carolin WifeofAlfordwho? Delker, Chandra Hanke, Chris Hutchinson, Claire Lucas, Darby Niyo, David Feherty, David manson, David Myers, Ellen Gifford, Gary Bahr, Gary Schultz, Greg Rhoades, Heartie White, Izaak Sawyer, Jack&Jules Wenz, Jennifer Gooding, Joe Cislo, Joe Hoag, Julie Fitzpatrick, Karen McCartney, Kevin Nolan, Mr. Miyagi, Peter Hepburn, Rod Harl, Ron Mooiweer, Scott Biddinger, scott clair, serge martinez, Stella Van Houten, Tim Thomas, Tracy Niyo

Ohio:  AJ Bowers, Amy Uken, Annette Dyal, Annie Rhoades, Bob (Jack's Oldest Son) Smalling, Brian, Brian Fitzpatrick, Brian Hutchinson, Bryan Long, Christy Reed, Colin TheBold Klaas, Corey Garza, Denis Charette, Dustin B Thonen, Edward Gordon Reece, Julia Foster, Julie Fitzpatrick, Justin Verlander, Kelly Wolfe-Bellin, Kristopher Nordstrom, Lance Van Houten, Lucy Rhoades, Madison Dyal, Matt D, Matt Suomi, Olivia Cory, Peyton Wilson Reece, Soren Van Houten, Stella Van Houten, Susie Smalling, Teresa Dixon, Tina Ferreter

----------------------
Shout Outs 

sssssh, no shouting tonight, sorry. my daughters are trying to sleep and they have spanish class in the morning.

----------------------
Mailbag

----
From: Steve White
To: The Candymeister

Mr, The Meister

Why is there only an SSS for only approximately 69 of the 722 entrants (9.5568 %).. Is you calculator broke?

----
From: Candy Meister
To: Steve.E.White

Mr. The White,

I'm aware of the issue and know how to fix, but was busy this weekend celebrating a 40th birthday of a friend and spectacularly over-consuming. I will fix between now and Thursday's games. Thank you for calling this shockingly terrible bug to light, and I hope and pray that we can continue to do business together.*

-The Meister
* or not, whatevs
----
From: Steve White
To: The Candymeister
I really don't care, I am just bucking for an e-mail shout out...
----

HAVE I NOT TOLD YOU I WASN'T GOING TO DO ANY SHOUTING TONIGHT?!?  ...oh no, i've woken them up. *shakes fist at steve...steve*

----------------------
Whose champion bit it? -- 

33 of you lost all (reasonable) hope at the candy over the weekend, including an absurd amount of Iowa State supporters (full disclosure: I'm from Ames. I get it, Go Cyclones and all that, but Fred* is going to have to wait a few more years for an NCAA championship methinks. When he does though, I'll send him whatever candy bar he wants).

Saint Louis: Julia Foster, Lucy Rhoades
New Mexico: Carolin WifeofAlfordwho? Delker, Keegan Fisher-Ives, Keegan Fisher-Ives
Murray State: Trish Soriano, Edward Gordon Reece
Iowa State: Christy Reed, Gloria Winters, Jen Johnson, Sarah Handlos, Carrie CMB O'Boyle, Stella Van Houten, Henry Abraham Reece
Georgetown: Denis Charette, Tamara Duke Portnoy, Chris Young, Kevin Chauvin , Nick Alverson, David Ullman
Kansas State: Madison Dyal
Vanderbilt: Jennifer Gooding
Florida State: Anna Weir, Frank Spada, Gator Van Selow, Larry Flees, Jay Plant, Wesley Davis, Pat koch, Alan Phillips, Michael Gates, Kai Anderson, Amy Lyons

* did you like that? I name dropped the head coach because we're on a first name basis**
** WELCOME BACK ASTERISKS
----------------------
Boo Rah Rah --

No Norfolk State grads? I need to market more in Virginia. Or is it New Jersey.

Sorry Greg Rhoades, you can't put your kid up to picking your alma mater (see section above) and not have some bad karma coming your way.

I'm also interested in whether Nancy Valentine, Go Vandy! is her real name. If so, AWESOME.

Saint Louis: Greg Rhoades
New Mexico: Danny Jarrett, Carolin WifeofAlfordwho? Delker, Keegan Fisher-Ives, David Mitchell, Keegan Fisher-Ives
Iowa State: Zachary Klaas, Chris Charbonneaux, Christy Reed, Patrick Connolly, Brent Dakin, Laura (Bob's mom) Moreland, Brenda VB, ben kehrwald, Bob (Jack's Oldest Son) Smalling, Rob Reed, Kristal Sieve, Doug Busta, Karlene Jennings, Matt Van Heukelom, Kelly Wolfe-Bellin, Rob Bellin, Matt 'Pre-School classmate of Ben' Smalling, Angie Mowery, Angela Doyle Hewitt, Brett 'Cal' Callison, Jen Johnson, Jennifer Highbarger, Jamie Harrison, Alex Blom, Kevin Kane, Sarah Handlos, Chuck Rodrigues, Brent Swanson, David Smalling, Cara Peters, Chris Handlos, Dan Crim, Patrick Dillon, Gary Bahr, Andrew Hefte, Matt van Heukelom, Jeff Kopaska
VCU: Todd Campbell
Colorado: Kevin Chauvin , Grant Johnson
Creighton: Jeff Chungath
Purdue: Chris 'Milk Shake' Hollingshead
Kansas State: Bill Rogers, Kyle Kinkade 
Vanderbilt: Nancy Valentine, Go Vandy!

----------------------
Candy Bar of the Day --

I know this has happened in past pools, in fact perhaps every past pool, but it always cracks me up

Adam Dryden gets the Bain Capital Award for Complete Detachment from Real Monetary Worth for his selection of the "100000 Grand" bar. By my calculations, 100000 Grand is equal to a 100 Million Bar. Though this product doesn't exist, I bet it's really delicious, as well as taxed at a lower rate!

----------------------
Enough with the crap, who's ahead? -- 

Christopher LeVasseur, or as I like to call him, Christopher LeVasseur, has jumped out to a 4 point lead, which is a sizeable margin for this point in the tourney. El De Sedge, or as I like to call him, The El Der Los De Sedge, along with Julie Fizpatrick and Lake Harriet Elementary's own (Go Dragons!) Jack and Julian Wenz are all tied for 2nd with 50 points. I saw Jack (4th grade) and Julian (1st grade) just last night, and they were very impressed (with themselves) for being just ahead of Barack Obama. Jack did eye me with suspicion and ask "Did Barack Obama really enter your pool?" That was my cue to go see if I could help in the kitchen.

People:
Rank	Name		Location	Candybar	Champion	Score
1	Christopher LeVasseur	Michigan	Heath Bar	Kentucky	54	
2	El De Sedge	New York	King Size Snikers!	Kentucky	50	
2	Jack&Jules Wenz	Minnesota	Milky Way King Size	North Carolina	50	
2	Julie Fitzpatrick	Michigan	Baby Ruth	Michigan State	50	
5	Mike Askren	Michigan	Symphony with Almonds	North Carolina	49	
6	Amy McLanahan	California	Coconut M&Ms	Kentucky	47	
6	Candy Chatawanich 	Arizona	Skor	North Carolina	47	
6	Jennifer MC	Michigan	Snickers	Michigan	47	
6	Peyton Wilson Reece	Wisconsin	Skittles!	Michigan State	47	
6	Todd Campbell	Michigan	Toblerone	Syracuse	47	

Nikhil has really distinguished him(?)self, 8 points ahead of all others of the genus Pan. That's a pretty rough list of champions for the top tier of chimps there though, I tell you what. If Ohio spins some more magic this coming weekend though, watch out for Cooper.
Chimps:
Rank	Name		Location	Candybar	Champion	Score
1	Nikhil the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Indiana	48	
2	Guy the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Loyola Maryland	40	
2	Jaxson the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Saint Louis	40	
4	Hayden the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Missouri	38	
4	Kaitlin the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Wisconsin	38	
6	Bo the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Vanderbilt	37	
6	Cooper the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Ohio	37	
6	Logan the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Gonzaga	37	
6	Micheal the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Wisconsin	37	
6	Patience the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	Wichita State	37	
6	Rahul the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	West Virginia	37	
6	Reece the Chimp	Neverland Ranch	Banana Moon Pie	UNC Asheville	37	

The Commander in Chief continues to Command the Celebrity bracket. Justin Verlander just tore an elbow ligament and will require Tommy John surgery. RELAX TIGER FANS I MEAN METAPHORICALLY. He's in last place.

Celebs:
Rank	Name		Location	Candybar	Champion	Score
1	President Barack Obama	District of Columbia	Four More Years Bar	North Carolina	46	
2	Jesse Eisenberg	California	Whatchamacallit	North Carolina	43	
3	Aisha Tyler	California	Heath Bar	North Carolina	40	
4	Sir Nick Faldo	International	Cadbury Milk Bar	Kentucky	39	
5	Dick Vitale	North Carolina	Ritalin Bar	Kentucky	37	
6	David Feherty	International	Nutter Putter	Baylor	36	
7	LeBron James	Florida	King Size Choke Cherry Jawbreaker	Kentucky	32	
8	Justin Verlander	Michigan	Tiger's Milk Bar	Michigan State	29	

cheers,
the Meister
-------------------
